===========AR Legion===========
====Joseph Richard Cantrell====
++ ++ ++ ++ 
++ ++ ++ ++ 
++ ++ ++ ++ 
++ ++ ++ ++ 
====Preface====

This was originally a document detailing my drug use and my thoughts on or during their effects.  However, it is now my journal.  It should be freely and posthumously published to help humanity or whatever.  Also, it's a good deterrent.  Keywords for speedy searching: <amp day> <amp quit day> <Retrospect> <Breezy> <Poem> <Bug Fix> <song>

My demand: No excuses, just be nice.
Retorts: Nagger <boy/girl>.  Please take a seat, and what are you doing here?
My game URL: https://josephcantrell14.itch.io/prophet-launcher
My online name: [AM210] AlerionM21
My number: 414-241-3152
My indies nuts games:  josephcantrell14.itch.io
Work motto: I continuously aspire to innovate for a better world, and I hope to innovate new horizons for your company.
Breadth and Aptitude: I have programmed using a myriad of programming languages and frameworks, and learning new languages and API's is easy.
Work stuff: My last work project was the Hum Android app with Verizon Connect.  I helped reprogram portions of Hum from Java to Kotlin.  I also developed new screens for the application using designs from the user interface team.  I collaborated with a team which focused on a single feature of Hum.
Why a good fit for job? I have a good amount of experience using Android and developing applications and JUnit tests natively with mixtures of both Java and Kotlin.  That was the focus of my last position with Verizon.  I have also developed many Android applications using frameworks like Godot, NativeScript, and Ionic.  With my myriad of experiences programming, I can learn to code using any language or framework.

Examples:
Empathetic resolution - can't help IT customer at GT helpdesk with laptop because it's policy not to touch machines not owned by GT, so I let them know I could talk them through it
Constructive feedback received resolution
Exceeded expectations
Empowering teammates through teaching - created a core framework for the hum app in kotlin and mvvm structure for rest of verizon to use

Cover Letters: I plan to immediately move to the for steady work in Seattle, Washington until I may retire and settle in a house in the suburbs of the Pacific Northwest.
I want to enhance my full stack programming skills to further my personal programming projects like my cross platform video games, PHP website doubling as a REST server, and my MySQLi database.  I have also settled on permanently settling down and retiring in the Portland and Seattle area.
I'm currently searching for an Atlanta software engineering position (preferably Android or JavaScript) which will give me good medical, vision, and dental insurance.   I'm looking for a salary of around $100,000 or more.  I'm a full stack developer, and I'm looking to acquire a position based on my current portfolio (no coding challenges).  

Difficult Software Bug or Challenge: I zip my website code and scp it to my DigitalOcean Ubuntu Apache server.  My website code would not unzip for some reason after running my scp batch script.  A manual scp revealed an error: my scp failed because my server was using all its space.  So I googled the Ubuntu Linux commands to get the disk space and check which folders and files were using lots of disk space.  I discovered some Ubuntu log files had overwhelmed the 20 GB SSD space I am allotted.  I deleted the contents of the log folder, and then I was able to scp my files and unzip them for Apache to serve to visitors of my site.

Color Palette:
White Text - #E5E5E5
Signature Blue - #019DE1
Hot Pink - #FF00C8
Pink BG - #E300A0
Purplue - #3E49B2
Windows Purple - #3B00FF
Blue Link - #30C5FF
Purple Link - #9E97E6

Breezy Trick List:
Sit
Down
Up
Shake (left,right)
Wink
Spin
Shiver
Come Here
Perch (hold hands while we're both standing up)

Workout:
Day 1: Bench Press, Wide Grip Bent Over Rows, Barbell Curls
Day 2: Military Press, Stability Squats, Deadlift, Weighted Pullups


=======================================
====Journal ; ARLEGION 4 I AM MONEY====

Most Intense Experience: LSD + MDA + 3-MeO-PCP + Cannabis
Best Experience: LSD + 3-MeO-PCP + Cannabis
Drug Utility:
	Amp: life, work
	Weed: life
	MDMA: withdrawal
	Psychs: Appreciation
	Dissos: Reflection
Drugs I've used to get high:
Amphetamine Sulphate
Caffeine
Marijuana
Alcohol
LSD
25I-NBOMe
Methylphenidate
LSA
Mushrooms
Nitrous Oxide
Dextromethorphan
Cocaine
MDMA
2C-B
DOM
Kratom
DMT
Methoxetamine
2C-T-2
2C-E
5-MeO-MiPT
Ketamine S+ & -Racemic
Codeine & Promethazine
MDA
DOC
Diphenhydramine
25B-NBOH
Salvia Divinorum
25I-NBOH
3-MeO-PCP
Alprazolam
Heroin
4-MeO-PCP
DCK
O-PCE/2-OxO-PCE
3-MeO-PCE
DOB
25E-NBOH
3-HO-PCP
3-HO-PCE
Flunitrazolam
2F-DCK
4-HO-MET
Mescaline
5-MeO-DMT
TMA-2
ETH-LAD
2C-C
PCP
Methamphetamine
2-FMA
4-HO-MiPT
4-AcO-DMT

Breezy's trick list:
Sit
Come here
Stay
Up
Lay down
Left Shake
Right Shake
Wink
Spin
Shiver
Wiggle
(Yawn?)
(Bow?)

<Retrospect> November 12, 2011: I pirated Rescue by Silverstein as shown by the timestamps in Windows.  This was just after when the lights came back on in my house.  I was so happy.  It was my early birthday present haha.  The lights had been off in my house since just after the school year started, early August 2011.  I remember riding the bus for like 2 weeks and then I couldn't play CoD with Rosa anymore.  I became a recluse.  I just listened to music 24/7 whenever I could.  Rosa kept asking me why I wasn't on Xbox on the bus and at school.  I kept saying I just didn't want to play.  I didn't want to tell him I was too poor.  He could tell, but he didn't want to say anything.  Lol.  I remember Josh Gonzales coming to my house on Halloween and seeing the lights were out.  I made up something about the power being out because of the power company having blackouts for some reason.  Lol.  We trick or treated, and I was Adolf Hitler.  I don't remember Josh's costume.

November 2015: First time smoking cannabis at brotherhood retreat; I had two Monster Ultra Zero energy drinks throughout the evening, and then around 9 pm, I smoked weed for the first time.  I felt dumbfounded as I took about 10 hits off a really fat king size joint of Alaskan Thunderfuck.  Then, I watched as the world started spinning in spirals.  The first thing I could say was, "I think I forgot how to sit down."  Christian had to help guide me through our trek through the woods, my vision kept blacking in and out during this time, maybe because the flashlight kept moving from my field of vision (I'm not sure!).  Upon returning to the cabin, I played with Pistaccio shells at Eyy Bro's request.  I then spent 20 minutes in the bathroom trying to figure out if the toilet was real or if I was actually passed out on the couch about to piss my pants (I had no concept of how drugs worked, so anything seemed like a possibility to me!).  Finally, I decided I had no other choice but to take a chance and pee, and when done I burst from the bathroom exclaiming, "Guys, guys, I think the seat in the bathroom is a toilet!"  Then Torrance hands me another Monster Zero with four shots (unbeknownst to me as I couldn't really understand anyone very well), and so I chug that since it tastes great.  Then I'm pacing back and forth frantically for an hour or two, and I don't remember much after that.  The day after, I smoked again, and once again got the "spinnies" which I have never been able to replicate to this day.  I only got these "spinnies" the two times I smoked this retreat.

Mid-December 2015: Third/Fourth time drinking, went to see the Orange Bowl at Rocky Mountain pizza, then came back to ZBT (drove back wtf lol) and took 7 shots of vodka in a ten minute interval at the up for grabs table.  Blacked out after like 10 minutes and woke up the next morning without a shirt and different pants on the couch.  Apparently Emily told me to change into warmer clothes to play beer pong at Kappa Alpha, but I just passed out on the couch!

March 2015: First trip: 1 gel; I saw bleach hollow masks in the basement on the faces of Torrance and Jason.  I closed my eyes and walked around in a cartoon world in the dark.  There were individual swirling photos in fraternity composites, very maelstrom like and similar to the back of a Yugioh card but blue.  Someone asked me what I was seeing, so I closed my eyes and was overwhelmed with repeating visuals, drawers and chairs especially.  I remember seeing a black space and just fucking pictures of furniture repeating themselves upwards like someone was copy-pasting 50 times a second.  Pretty overwhelming for some reason.

Second trip: 1 tab 25i-NBOME; On the way back from the spot everything started to feel really fast and intense for no reason, and I ended up petting a Husky, watching black lines move in Paul's Tahiti mural, and playing Bioshock Infinite.  Not much visuals except that anything that was colored black waxed and waned.

1st Year Spring Retreat Trip: 2 gels; I laid down on a couch confused as fuck and watched a painting move around the wall for 2 hours listening to Madeon's Adventure album.

2 unusually long and narrow blotters from Tamara's house party that I bought from a girl in a tent; I listened to Sounds of a Playground Fading freaking out, thought I broke a trampoline and was in trouble, confused why we left the party I bought the tabs at (I thought I did something wrong), watched fractals line the couches in the living room

1000 morning glory seeds (LSA); saw pinballs in Pikachu painting's head (his eyes were darting around his head), ate a whole pound cake from Publix and said it was the greatest thing I'd ever eaten.

May 2015: 1.5 tabs 25i-NBOME; I could not tell if I was speaking my thoughts or just hearing them in my head (it sounded like I was speaking them aloud, but upon asking Torrance, this was confirmed false).  I watched leopards run around the frame of a painting in his house, looked at his AC ducts for a while in fondness (I'm still confused as to why, but it was dark in there, and 25i does have crazier visuals in the dark), swam in the pool and smoked a joint on a float in the pool.  I actually blacked out and blacked in on the float smoking the joint (I think the joint made me black out haha!).  I saw Sunfloras dancing in a picture of a field of sunflowers.  A grassy field in front of a house in a painting looked like the ocean.  It was great.

1.5 tabs 25i-NBOME; I could not stop laughing and had extreme euphoria, and I saw my created 1.5 mg 25i-NBOME replication while watching Jason play beer pong; a large number of shimmering semi-transparent leaves falling in my entire field of vision; the visuals were so overwhelming it was actually hard to see the real world beyond them.

15 tabs, ~50-70 mcg blotters; I had my first complete ego death; I remember Luke asing me if I knew who I was or who he was or where I was (and I answered no for all these questions).  I remember seeing brown Komouri Dragon outline in Torrance's ceiling, thought Torrances house was my fraternity house, thought Alex Montoya was my girlfriend, couldn't remember Erik or Emily but they looked vaguely familiar.  Tripped over 15 hours before passing out with visuals still.

4.5 grams dried mushrooms; complete ego death, thought I was going to die for 3 hours, thought Josh White wanted to fight me, "this is my box, let's all stay in our boxes" (I claimed the couch as my territory and felt very primitive).  Thought Torrance and Jason were trying to calm me down before the cops came in and arrested me for being on shrooms (because the cops didn't want to stupify me).  Felt completely sober and normal in 5 hours.

4 ~500 mcg tabs; took with Jason, walked to new Biotech building and enjoyed the scenery, looked into a puddle's reflection and thought I was walking through a portal, saw rainbow stick figures connected by their hands and smiling in the floor, thought I was a drug lord, thought I was a rapper, thought I was a writer, tripped about 17-18 hours

2nd Year Fall Retreat: 2 500 mcg tabs; saw huge snakes in the grass between the gazibo and the cabin, saw a swarm of purple and blue bats in the trees in the dark (like Scooby Doo intro), tripped 16 hours before passing out with strong visuals (I was still seeing cartoon vehicles driving on the wall I was looking at while I was trying to sleep).

Imagine Festival: 1 50 mcg gel, 2 unknown blotters, 1 brownie: not much effect until I bought 2 tabs from someone, then the ground turned into giant green snakes.  Took MDMA later and went to Iris club.  Felt very great.  Smoked three joints in a row on Torrance's couch haha!!!!

LSD and Nitrous: I was on an unknown amount of acid tripping balls, and after smoking copious amounts of weed we decided to try nitrous.  Well, I did it twice and the same thing happened both times.  Extreme time dilation, everything turned to red bricks and my entire field of vision was pulsating red, it felt like a hornet nest was attacking my brain, and it sounded like a jet engine was in my ears.  Complete sensory overload honestly.  THe pain in my head was crazy.  I thought people were trying to fight me.  "Let's take this outside" in reference to a joint became a challenge to fight in my mind.  I was thinking, "No, this can't be real; I don't want to fight."  And then I came back to relative sobriety (still tripping balls but not on nitrous) and was puzzled.  I decided the experience must be a fluke and tried it again.  Same results.  No desire to do it again anytime soon.

6 ~500 mcg tabs; took with Jason, saw a pizza box morph into a dog (even with its tongue hanging out!), walked to the spot losing my mind (mistake!), saw "trails" appear in the pool table, passed out 16 hours in, woke up 20 hours in with visuals still and passed back out immediately.

1.5 mg 25i-NBOME; my first "bad" trip with this substance.  I started playing beer pong with Torrance and after an hour I started to get FUCKED UP.  More fucked up than ever.  I went in circles for 3-4 hours until around 11 pm when the drugs most acute effects wore off.  This 3-4 hours consisted of me trying to solve my problem (which I couldn't understand sometimes and other times could realize it was alcohol and other times blame it on drugs in general).  I would come to a conclusion, then forget, and then start this process all over.  Torrance was trying to talk me out of the trip and was very unsuccessful.  He said I was being just like Josh with the bad trip, and I remember saying crying, "I know, but help me!"  Finally, he managed to get through to me that only I could solve my problem, similar to how I handled Josh Gonzales' acid freakout.  Therefore, I confined myself to my room, music, and more lucid and productive thinking than I had experienced in a long time.  I realized I was living my life through a distant soul.  All my desires were bled from others; and to me, it was unacceptable.  I remember frustratingly berating myself and looking for the root cause of the problem, realizing that I BROUGHT THIS ON MYSELF, regardless of the unknowingly sadistic aid of others.  I lost myself.  This was at a time when I was actually addicted to alcohol, and drinking heavily every 1-2 days to escape myself and socialize.  I should have realized I was falling into such a pitfall.  But addiction creeps into your skin before you realize it could ever manifest itself there, and I was far fallen.  This was at a time  Around 1 am I remember telling Ian that I would never be the same; and I was right.  25i gave me my self-respect back.  25i made me realize my problems.  25i made me solve my problems.  A damn good drug in its own right.

800 mg DXM; amazing body euphoria, difficulty standing (I kept almost falling all the time), Allan says I acted out a skit (I recall walking back and forth around the room briefly during this time), flew over a small planet (100 meter diameter maximum) with red grass and a massive red tree covering 1/3 of the planet, walked through a castle

8 tabs and brownie; ego death briefly, incredible waves of euphoria throughout my whole body.  My visuals during this euphoria: a camera panned up a cartoon mountain, with the euphoria intensifying accordingly.  The euphoria reached its peak when I reached the literal peak of the mountain, in space, and two trumpets burst from the mountain's peak shooting confetti, and there were fireworks.  The body high died down near instantly after that.  Amazing Black Ops 3 experience as well.  Tripped for 16 hours.

900 mg DXM; amazing visuals, colors everywhere, great euphoria, saw two TV's in the living room of ZBT and two ethernet cables along my wall.  I remember seeing random splotches of color EVERYWHERE across my entire field of vision, but they were comprised of only shades of green and blue.  Strange.

8 tabs and 100 mg MDMA; lost my mind but no ego death, incredible body euphoria like before, lots of confusion and thought loops, stupified by EVERYTHING, especially how incredibly strong the visuals were.  Saw 3D rainbow starfish in the carpet in my room.  Tripped 16 hours.

May 27, 2016: 8 tabs: nothing notable.  Played Black Ops 3 a lot.  Started watching Akame ga Kill.

May 28, 2016: 8 tabs the following day, much weaker experience, no headspace whatsoever, indeed what clarity I feel I have.  Finished watching Akame ga Kill; amazing!  Went to the rooftop of Klaus for the view; not much in the way of visuals unfortunately 6 hours in.  Miscellaneous rainbows and tracers.  Nothing spectacular unfortunately.  Tolerance is a bitch.  Smoked a snap of weed 8 hours in and got slightly more visuals.  Waved phone flashlight in front of my face and it looked like a saw solid strands of light in the dark.  Started binge watching Future Diary.

June 4, 2016; I'm on a capsule of "psilocyben cubensis extract equivalent to 2.5 g" and 150 mg MDMA.  I feel amazing and wrote a letter to my mother.  I've resolved to try studying on shrooms and see if that leads me anywhere.  I might try creating an Android application soon in fact.  I have a great wish to realize my dreams and great visuals as well.  Staring at the psychedelic cat wallpaper is crazy.  Black Ops 3 is crazy.  Music is crazy.  By crazy I mean fucking awesome.  I've resolved to accomplish my dreams no matter what.  And encourage others to do the same!  I shall become a model for others and encourage them to be great with me!  My dreams will come true.  No matter what!  I believe that I possess the ability!  I do believe this combination is of value!  I think that MDMA really does have great effects on the human psyche and can perhaps help everyone feel amazing!  I think the PTSD research is definitely of value, and perhaps combining MDMA with shrooms would be of great value in PTSD!!!!!!  That is what I think!  I think that shrooms can be of value in academia, but I think that MDMA is clouding my judgement and making my movements slightly sluggish.  I think that MDMA makes me think of others and think that they have great value as well!!! I want all of them to realize their true potentials as well and I hope that one day I can recommend everyone try this combination of drugs!  I feel like the only thing slowing me down is the molly.  I'm 5-1 call of duty and my trip playlist is AMAZING!!!!!!  So I think shrooms have value in academia!  I feel great, and I think that MDMA can definitely help if you are having a tough time in your life.  I'm not having a tough time in my life and am set solid in my way to success and achieving all I could ever hope to!  I think this is a great combination everyone not of mental illness should try at some point when they are ready!  I think this combination is of great value, I think everyone of good mental clarity should take this combination.  Thus one month from now I shall take 8 tabs, one capsule, and 150 mg MDMA and see what happens.  I expect good results.  I'm won't MDMA further after this.  There is everything that I feel and have learned by taking this combination!  I feel that shrooms can make you do everything better and MDMA can have therapeutic effects!  I really want to tell researchers this combination is really of great potential at least one in your lives if you can handle it!  I think the people who sing these words could be helped.  I'm listening to Atreyu and In Flames right now.  My trip playlist is nice!  I have a strong desire to connect with my mom and also help her.  I want her to stop smoking, so I'm going to call her and help her when I'm sober!!!!!  Maybe I should just smoke and enjoy my trip now!  I'm set solid on my way!  I think MDMA has great personality reinforcing potential; or maybe it's just shrooms.  I think it's a great combo, but I think it has allowed me to definitely learn more about MDMA and shrooms individually as well as in combination.  I think shrooms has potential in academia and MDMA and perhaps this combination has potential in therapy.  I almost sure.  But I don't want to damage myself and try it again, so I'll let other researchers hopefully get it legalized and make everyone believe that my words are TRUE!  I must say that MDMA is great for building connections, if someone did abuse it and use it frequently, but I from what I have read it is neurotoxic and should not be abused.  If you want to develop a strong bond with someone, maybe take it once with them.  I can recommend it for this purpose as well.  But I shall try shrooms with studying at some point haha!!!!!!  I think I'm going to try to use shrooms to develop an Android application.  I'll give it a shot.  I'm definitely fucking doing this next paycheck!  I really do think everyone should try this ONE time in their lives, after they already understand everything about how the world fucking works.  :)  I guess maybe I'm connotating that educated people can enjoy this combination more than uneducated people.  Perhaps this combination is of more value if you have more drug experience; I really don't know how others react to it.  I'm too lazy to look it up.  But that is how I feel.  This is crazy.  There are so many chemicals that could be of value; MDMA is not the only empathogen and psilocin is not the only psychedelic!  I want to research further.  I've forgotten what I elocuted as my last thoughts haha.  Whatever.  This is one hell of a combination (it was an experience I suppose) and I can't wait to explore mushrooms and discover what I can achieve!  --I wrote all this during my trip.--

6/12/2016: 10 blotters, 1250-1500 mcg; I was too fucked up to tell the difference between 8 and 10.  I did trip for about 19 hours before falling asleep though.  I wrote this during the trip: Thinking about crazy shit haha!!!!!!  Very interesting stuff I think.  It certainly is for the benefit of mankind.  A DeathGrip on Yesterday is amazing.  Fade to Black was crazy, so was Slipknot thing.  I'll never fucking sell my self out for anything.  I can always count on myself.  Here is my raising of my voice.  This is an amazing experience!  Holy shit I want to see them live tripping balls definitely.  Can 100% recommend taking LSD!  My thoughts are drifting so hard right now.  I keep getting confused.  But, LSD certainly holds merit.  If this is what I believe then this is what I shall do.  Wow this was a crazy experience.  Confusion.  No it won't end in tragedy because I know the answer.  I'll fucking win. T+4 hours or so conclusion of the album.  Drugs are the best thing in the world.  Listening to Long Live is great too.  Smoked a bunch. Playing Black Ops 3 and listening to music simultaneously is interesting.  Did that a fuckton and was bad sometimes but other times just wrecked mothafuckas, like always.

7/3/2016: 8 blotters, ~1 mg: Tripped 16 hours or so, in line with what I think 1 mg should be based on previous experience.  T + 1 hour, I smoked three bowls.  I began to see a red car morph into a cat creature with giant claws, and so I averted my gaze toward the bowl.  I remember coming inside and having very existential thoughts of how I came about.  I remember rationalizing humanity's existence as well as why humans are born to die while listening to Fade to Black by Sonata Arctica and End of Days by Bullet For My Valentine.  I remember speaking with a "deity" (I was in a white place similar to FullMetal Alchemist and speaking with some white flowing orb of energy that was flowing into the white space around me).  This being said it didn't have the strength to keep humanity alive forever, but that it was trying.  And I remember hoping desperately that this being would succeed.  I experienced all this with my eyes closed laying in bed.  Very strange, but these thoughts were delusions.  I later gathered by thoughts and remembered the theory of evolution and my atheism.  It was very fun.  Played Dark Souls III and beat three bosses in a row (Aldrich Devourer of Gods, Yhorm of the Profaned Capital and Dancer of the Boreal Valley).  Awesome.  Did great in Black Ops 3, I remember going 10-2 in Search and Destroy.  Ordered Wingnuts AND Krispy Kreme!

7/9/2016: 8 blotters, ~1 mg: Writing this 18 hours in.  Pretty much just afterglow now with faint traces of color and patterns.  Listened to Sounds of a Playground Fading, Scurrilous, and Volition.  It was great!  Finished Dark Souls 3.  Also great!

7/16/2016: 8 blotters, psilocybin extract ~= 3.0 g psilocybin cubensis, 150 mg mdma:  Listened to trip playlist.  Sounds of a Playground Fading, Come Clarity, Volition, A Sense of Purpose (Move Through Me, The Chosen Pessimist), The Living Infinite, The Ride Majestic, Reroute to Remain (System!).  The Swedish people really know how to make music.  Scar Symmetry, Prism and Gate, Holographic Universe, Artificial Sun Projection, The Kaleidoscopic God.  Great songs.  Those guys sure do know how to live life and I revere them.  I think Come Clarity is an artists' symbolic depiction of life; in fact, I know it just by looking and listening to the composure.  Perhaps I can become an artist one day, but looks like I must allow my greed to get the better of me first and get rich! :)

7/23/2016: 30 mg 2cb: Listened to In Flames and Soilwork.  Lots of ideation about homunculi and self-preservation of my sense of self.  Transplantation of my self into an artificial human.  Sounds great?  Yup.  I thought of FullMetal Alchemist as a metaphor for this in many ways.  My first game of CoD I went 5-0.  Another game, I killed a whole team 6-0 in CoD.  Lit.  But then I died four times in a row.  Not lit.  Taking a shower felt so good, everything felt great to the touch, more so than MDMA even I think.  Rubbing my skin felt very good and I did this often, while playing CoD BO3 and listening to music.  T+7 hours: just dropped 1 tab of acid.

7/30/2016: 50-55 mg 2cb trip.  One of my hardest trips.  Holy shit I was was fucked up.  Best damn bowl of Cookie Crisp in my life.  The wingnuts?  Indescribable.  10/10.  Played with a dog.  Walking around outside on the sidewalk it felt like I was walking on an incline and slumped over 45 degrees.  The trees looked like they were growing multicolored hands and zooming in at me (magnification effect).  Everything would look like it was melting into blurs of colors occasionally.  Sometimes I couldn't stop laughing for 5 minutes straight.  The 6 hour trip felt like an eternity; there was so much time dilation.  My vision was kaleidoscopes a lot of the time.  I saw 3D rainbow structures when I closed my eyes; buildlings growing and morphing.  One of the most intense trips of my life, second only to my 25i experiences.

8/10/2016: 1 mg 25I-NBOMe.  I didn't have very intense visuals, but I had a powerful euphoria and sense of self.  Lots of tingling in the back of my head.  I got a 39 killstreak in Call of Duty.  

8/20/2016: 10 mg DOM: insane visuals. T+3:00 writing this.  Still coming up.  Damn.  I saw a giant rainbow dragon serpent thing going into a maelstrom of rainbows, it was fucking crazy while I was listening to two lives worth of reckoning.  I felt forever in an afterglow from listening to the The Panic Broadcast I think.  A megalomaniac of my own volition.  Listening to Stabbing the Drama is just as good honestly.  Soilwork is amazing.  DOM + Soilwork is awesome.  T+11:00; no weed and dying of boredom unfortunately.  Damn.  Read Stephen Hawking's The Beginning of Time lecture.  Watched Django Unchained.  It felt like a pinball moving back and forth in the vision center of my brain in the back.  It felt very good though like it was helping me.  

8/27/2016: 10 mg DOM.  Very intense.  Lots of insane visuals, including intense visualizations of the music and random scary visualizations.  I saw a large mass of hollows from Dark Souls envelop my "field of vision" with my eyes closed.  They were waxing and waning together like a mouth made of hollows chewing ever so slowly to the sound of the music.  Listened to Natural Born Chaos, Death Resonance, and The Ride Majestic.  The music was very powerful and there were some definite moments of eternity.  However, my mind stayed intact.  Memorable moments: fluttering black ripples in a white world expressing the vocals in Natural Born Chaos song.  The feeling of eternity and gravity with which I heard, "Can someone give me an answer about the choices I made, cause I can't think anymore.  Those thoughts were buried forever, deep down in emotional graves.  Forever lost in vain."  Petrichor by Sulphur was also insanely amazing; the range of emotions was very compelling.  I also remember seeing a majestically large staircase of bright white light in a dark plane, building itself with the will of the people descending way down from the fortress of belief, illuminated by a seemingly infinite number of candles, at the top - all during the final instrumental moments of Enemies in Fidelity.  Damn.





9/4/2016: 12.5 mg DOM + 1 tab lsd at T+12:00, smoked every 45 mins to 1 hour during the whole trip.  Many joints.  Much kief.  I wrote this at T+20:00, and the indentations at later intervals, the second being my thoughts at T+21:00 or so.  T+2:30; I listened to The Ride Majestic but realized soon that my mind could only be blown one time!  Well after that, at about T+3:30, when I was truly began to peak, I smoked weed.  Then I listened to Blackwater Park and that turned out to create nightmares in my mind, and I literally thought I was dying in the middle of the song, and I stopped listening to music for a bit to smoke.  And I pondered the "frightening" images I was seeing translucent upon my vision.  Demon masks from Courage the Cowardly Dog lurking in my television's reflection (fucking hell the lyrics are insane in Blackwater park, this bore insane things to my mind's eye such as all the death I have seen of my own eyes [fucking horror movies {IT, Scream, Dixie, internet videos}]).  This previous sentence can serve as a textual illustration of my experience in which my mind's eye created translucent imagery cast over one another; I could see my different images and animations all at once, some horrifying, some delightfully euphoric, some a mix; all at the same time sometimes or as a central focus.  My imagination and analysis was overloaded more than it has ever been before I daresay.  But I was still more intoxicated on 25i-NBOME I must say.  They are both strong chemicals of their own effects.  However, I do believe DOM, given the right dosage, could be just as intense as 25i, and indeed, could kill you.  But you'd definitely need over 20 mg, probably much more honestly.  But anything over 10 mg just seems to be too uncomfortably strong.  Nonetheless, this trip was in full swing and I had only been peaking for maybe 12 minutes, the duration of the song.  I began to grow more and more euphoric as I realized that I cannot forget anything I have seen, and I must learn to live with it and accept it.  I grew one of the biggest grins I've ever had in my life (Except maybe 25i or DXM) and decided the trip will carry on whether I like it or not, but I must change to new music that isn't depressing.  So I smoked more weed and listened to Mercenary's Architect of Lies and The Hours That Remain for the first time.  Beautiful compositions.  I listened to In Flames's Come Clarity and some of Reroute to Remain at about T+13:00 after when the LSD began to take effect.  All amazing lyrics and overall artsmanship, and I do note that I continue to interpret Come Clarity in many new ways; there's so much to be said in it.  This trip probably changed my life in some ways, as have most of these others.  What is my goal in writing all of this down?  I am just a spectator, an advocate documenting the loss.  My repetition of the lyrics should be enough to stress how strong this substance is.  DOM will consume you.  Let it.  But I dare say, "12.5 mg is the farthest I am willing to go.  I have seen what I want.  Anything farther just seems to spiral into too much entropy before my time.  But my friend, 'Walk on broken glass.  Is the pain the same at the end?'"
                                    Man I do wish I had appreciated my mind more when I was younger, although maybe I did (reference to Soilwork I suppose.  'It's like I never even tried to remain sane, but it all turns out just not what you wanted not what you asked for now start dragging me around...').  I can appreciate it now though, and what better time than the present, for it is also my curse I must learn to appreciate, regardless of my emotions, regardless of anything, I'll be dragged down to death just like the uncountable beings before me.  And only in science can my cure be found, yet it seems I may not span this great occurrence.  Well, I'll be damned if I'll die bent over and bleeding like the personification on the cover of Come Clarity.  I'll find a way, whatever it fucking takes.  I don't have anything to hide, I just want to be successful.  I just want to be.
                                        This trip really has been awe-inspiring.  Just as all of them have been.  Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of one's own mind.  That's something I read about 7 years ago.  Changed my world view in an instant.  It's insane how impressionable you are when you are a kid, your malleability is quite the canvas for a PREDATOR'S PORTRAIT!  Good riddance to faith.  I lost my faith sometime at camp between the ages of 5 and 8, whereas before I prayed by my bedside night after night for my salvation.  My wish was bastardized.  My wish will be bastardized.  Soilwork, Stabbing the Drama and The Living Infinite were probably my hugest influences (once I'd heard them!).  This was about the time I started to truly appreciate my mind.  It really all fucking clicked three times in my life: The Camp Joy incident where I asked, "Where is the proof..." and my answers were met with circles (The Bible is proof!).  I saw deception.  Somehow, given my malleability, I made it through the cave and into the fucking sun.  The next: At the very end of 9th grade when I was choosing my classes (deciding to take the intellectual route of life), and finally in 7th grade, when I was stranded crying to myself behind my door feeling as an outcast upon the world and I made my promise to never stray from myself, to stray beyond the shallow entombment.  I strove to write things, and I tried.  I strove to do things.  But honestly, my monetary and family limitations became a larger burden than I would have liked.  And maybe I really am a product of classical conditioning.  I have trained myself to revel in pain and hard work before, and I say I can do it again.  Walk on broken glass, is the pain the same at the end?  No, I now know how to avoid the broken glass.  I'd like to interpret that the broken glass could be a mirror to your future.  Could be.
                                            Believe me, NEED NO ONE TO GET ME THROUGH, SLOWLY FADING IN FIDELITY, MY ENEMY, MY WORDS ARE TRUE, LET ME LEAD YOUR WAY.  That is also how I feel about drugs in general.  Religion.  I dare not say politics or economics; I have not studied them enough.  Nor physics and mathematics.  But I am making PITCH BLACK PROGRESS.  I do wish people did not think I was a drug addict.  Is there any way to change their mind?  Success, happiness, emotions, ideation, conscience all encapsulated and bleeding through from my damned brain, in time.  "IN FUCKING TIME."  University is still my life's priority.  I've cried tears of joy and sorrow many times today on all these drugs listening to sounds of truth from the musically talented.  But rejoice, for me, myself, and I (and some drugs and a lifetime of shackles) have truly taught me to appreciate, to feel, to be.



9/13/2016: I'll be keeping this as a journal now.  What once was is quickly forgotten, all wrapped up inside.  Delete all resemblance, I feel your relief.  Well, I suppose I won't be doing that with drugs.  Drugs are with me for life now; how can I refuse such an offer for such entertainment with nigh no risk?  It's a bountiful land of imagination.  I'm high right now.  I've recalled the apathy mechanism of identification in scope.  Well, I guess it's time to get to work on my new projects.
Short Term Goals:
-Publish fitness app for free
-Create Android game with Unity and sell
-Update resume
-Prepare for career fair
Long Term Goals:
-Create more personal projects
-Enjoy life


9/15/2016: Reading Brave New World.  Uncertainty is the lament of man.  Between black and white there is no room for two.  It seems I've got lots of good reading ahead of me, so I must attend for a while.  But fuck, motivation is difficult.  I didn't go to my philosophy class yesterday even though I know I should have.  I don't know.  Maybe drugs really are for me.  Apparently I have ADHD.  I can deny it all I want but I can't defeat my own biology like that.  Maybe not yet.  Not without drugs.  But maybe I'm wrong and this is all in my head.  But I can think of counterexamples to this.  I'm probably right.  I probably have ADHD.  Whatever.  Fuck it.  Power through.

9/16/2016: Took 5 g Kratom; first time.  Cool but not that cool.  Not much better than sober.  Fuck it.

9/25/2016:  5 tabs 200 mcg LSD + 1 very potent edible + copius amounts of weed.  FUCK.  I had visuals in 17 minutes and I got fucked up fast.  At an hour in I couldn't remember who I was anymore.  I remember who I was five hours in.  I will describe my experiences in no particular order.  Brave New World was a subject heavy on my mind.  On this eternal hike I took with Ian, Graeme, and a few other people (it's difficult to remember!), I remember it felt like I was constantly being reborn again as a blank slate, constantly fulfilling my role in the system and then being spit back out as a new human being again.  I felt like I experienced myself being born and then living an entire life right up until its very end.  I remember feeling as if my death was imminent.  This was around the same time I could see a holographic kaleidoscopic membrane around everyone, myself included.  Sometimes this membrane waxed and wane to include myself among these others, seemingly symbolic of existence within culmination.  I remember standing in front of the gates of death (as tall as and formed from the trees).  I gazed into this vat of souls.  It looked like a portal to another dimension.  I remember seeing ghostly penises, tits, vaginas, transexuals, demons, and other unhuman things swirling around in this portal as well.  And at the peak of peaks, when the sensation in my body was overwhelmingly amazing, impossible to ignore, divine to behold, and seemingly infinite, I gazed upon this naked woman sprawled in front of me, fully three dimensional, this same kaleidoscopic holographic membrane oozing everywhere out of her existence.  She was coalesced from the shapes I saw in the portal.  She was faceless.  At least, my attention certainly was not fixed on her face long enough for me to remember it.  I don't even remember if I saw a head.  At one point there was a giant machine spitting out minecarts full of naked women that were then dumped before my feet, similarly to Brave New World's exploitation of human inception.  It was fucking insane.  Literally.  I felt schizophrenic for 4 hours.  Wow.

9/27/2016: Damn I have this project due.  And a test Thursday.  And I have to read a book.  Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.  I'm baked as fuck.  But I have to do this project; I'll start again after dinner at 6 pm.  I want to take a break.  I hate doing work.  I loathe the painful sentiment it manifests.  I'm going to distract myself.  But with what?  I worked out, but even that was difficult to finish.  I don't know what to do.  I'm bored of everything.  I need something new.  I don't know what.  But there must be something new to entertain myself before I drown in this misery even one more second.

9/28/2016:  That which has caused my endless spiral into fragmentation, oblivion within my mind: self doubt of the actualization of my true aspirations,  Happiness<--->Wealth<--->Relationships.  It feels like king me is killing me, yet I feel so invincible; I'm the sculpture made out of clay.  I wait for this to overcome, what's inside, it needs to be done.  I'm the bringer, nigga.

9/30/2016: I'm on 200 mcg acid.  Clayman is awesome.  I need to do a project.  I need to do a project relevant to my career goals.  Where do I begin?  Fuck.  I can make a real app.  Something I want to make.  But what?  A game.  A game of what?  That is my purpose in this instant, to think of a theme for my game.  I'll make it a platformer, where the strive of reaching higher and holding onto what eventually falls, is making sure that the spirit will crumble, once the bloodstained curtains are dropped.  Unfortunately, if that flame enlightens me, will it relieve me of my needs?  Damn.  Inspiration abound.  But it is just an abstract concept; its implementation is in the eye of the perceiver.  Platformers are boring.  I'll make a toss the turtle clone.  Toss the keyboard.  That's what it's going to be.  Toss the fucking keyboard.

10/3/2016: Happiness; it seems so distant.  It seems that no matter my status I will never be invulnerable to weakness.  Nothing's what it seems, however.  Will I ever find again that mysterious strength which so envelops me as to cast a shadow on all my doubt?  For it seems I wander this eternal night with no sun to bring me home, no torch to illuminate but that of my own will.  Times past are strangling the life of the present as it ever bleeds into the next bullet-ridden frame of the future.  How to escape it all?  My memories are confined within, and it seems no matter the illustrious flames that enlighten me I cannot achieve happiness but for brief instances.  Regardless of the distance I swim I am inevitably capsized from below by others, by my own hand, by my own mind.  My only dream, one I have championed for over seven years, has been brutally dethroned from me as I have watched the fruitless labors of others.  Money won't make me happy.  I don't know what will.  Maybe people.  There seems to be a lesson in every piece of art I behold: you won't find happiness within, no matter how hard you try.  Aldous Huxley, Albert Camus, Affluenza, my philosophy professor, In Flames, Soilwork, my own mother, myself.  The battle amidst the self can never be won alone.  You will destroy yourself.  I wish it was easier.  All of my desire topples among the ruins of my motivation.  The gleam of my youth has been replaced by absurdism.  I suppose I'll be talking about this when I write my paper: "Can you be an independent thinker and still live happily in society?"  Am I happy?  No.  What will make me happy?  I don't know.  Sell me the infection, it is only for the weak.  No need for sympathy, the misery that is me.  This idea of self-actualization is foreign to me now.  I once dreamed of being a writer throughout my childhood, until business aspirations crushed this dream.  Now business aspirations seem so distantly impossible for me to achieve by the hand of my ancestors.  I am not alone in my thoughts.  Aldous Huxley sought to show the true aspiration of mankind is happiness; in his Ireland experiment he showed that time was relinquished to synthesized happiness, soma.  But is synthesized happiness any less authentic?  I think not, for your happiness will not come without consumption; you will be drowned in misery as you starve yourself of food and beverage.  Fasting and affluenza are the wishful chaos of fools.

10/5/2016: Fuck.  I don't want to do anything.  I want to have fun and be happy.  I can't do that by myself; I end up breaking myself into parts.  Perhaps then I should talk to people?  Yet I bleed misery; how do I escape it????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuck.  It gets easier, but you have to do it every day.  Spent some quality time with my borrowed smile.  The gleam is replaced, rip me open, and erase me.  I wish.  I fucking wish.  I changed myself in seventh grade.  I forced myself to fight my own feelings until I shaped myself exactly as I willed it.  But fuck, it was so much easier when I didn't have to give a fuck about anything.  Apathy was my natural route.  But apathy won't save me now.  Enthusiasm will save me.  But I hate being enthusiastic; nothing about it is authentic for me.  Can I force myself to be enthusiastic, and in doing so, relinquish my soul to its embrace?  Or am I apathetic as a result of my own biology?  They are not mutually exclusive, yet is conditioning alone enough to overcome the constraints of my biology?  In some ways yes, and in some ways no; but, my question is as it pertains to my current predicament.  And in the end, will it still feel as inauthentic as it feels right now?  And if that flame enlightens me, will it relieve me of my needs?  I don't like talking to people.  But sometimes I do.  But most of the time I don't.  A bullshit lament.  Fuck.  Fuck.  Fuck.  I know, it's all the voice in my head.
A rundown:
Happiness in life,
Life of the absurd.
Absurd is your mind,
Your mind is your life.

10/6/2016: I need to make:
-website
-keyboard throwing game

10/10/2016: 10 mg DOM.  I shook the silence.  It said, "Fuck."  I listened to Clayman.  I listened to Stabbing the Drama.  Both very depressing albums, true.  Have I nothing to glean of my environment?  Fucking hell, this shit is awesome.  I serve the failure that's haunting me.  When my head is all but empty, that's what I have left.  I serve the failure that's haunting me.  I hate Computer Science.  I hate work.  I hate the failure that's haunting me.  The strive of reaching higher and holding onto what eventually falls is making sure that the spirit will crumble once the bloodstained curtains are dropped.  Damn.  That nigga is a poet.  A good starting place.  Ignorance is bliss.  I could shelter myself in my own ignorance, but what if?  As soon as I remember anything I've thought on in the past, I become unhappy.  Rumination is destruction in all its glory.  The destruction of me.  Again.  And again.  And again.  And again.  As the future repeats today.  Today.  Anyway.  I see beauty in dead flowers I let the tide show me what's next but all you do is fade away.  My declaration hurts.  Just want to stab it right now.  As a freethinking individual, I hate the constructs of society.  Therefore, no.  But I'll forget that, won't I?  I'll forget everything in time.  I'll forget what's going on right now.  But what I won't forget?  Nothing.  Everything comes and goes.  All this wisdom means nothing if you can't behold it.  There is my lament.  I won't remember.  Let's reunite and brush the dust away.  Can't respect all the tears you have cried.  Just remember how you changed your life: can't trace your fate with a pitiful cry.  There is no savior and there is no gun that kill all this honor of mine and get it done.  It's always going to be in the back of my mind, whispering, "Die, die, die."  And there's nothing I can do.  I want to be the things I see, but I know I ain't that free.  It makes you want to hate life.  I can see myself slipping into those cracks, but I need to remind myself that life is multifaceted.  All of my time, compressed to itching moments, as the future repeats today.  Today.  Anyway.  Your enslavement to ignorance heralds your true demise.  Yet it is the source of happiness.  Aldous Huxley was the nigga, that's for sure.  100 mcg of LSD the day of his demise.  Just how I'd want it.  Except, more like 1000 mcg.  Because there's no day like doomsday.
        At one point during I looked at my bedsheet and it looked like a cobra holding a knife briefly; I recoiled instinctually and stared it down, moving forward slowly as I came to realize that it was just very realistic visuals.  My peripheral vision was extremely fucked up: at one point, I was talking to Ian while the grim reapers of the towels hanging on our doors were staring at me.  Another time, I was walking down the hallway and saw a piece of paper taped to the wall at head height appeared to be a person with a white cartoon face staring at me with a malicious smile.  Blades appeared everywehere sometimes as though my vision was shrouded in knives.  It was interestingly dark and probably due to my mindset.

October 16, 2016, 11:27 pm.  I found out my mother has cancer.  I don't know what kind yet.  This is horrible.  Fuck.  I'm on adderall and smoked a fuckton and I have to study.  But I wanted to write this down.  The skies are grey but I must work the soil.

October 18, 2016: Saw Soilwork on Acid.  The Living Infinite was an awesome song to hear.  All of it was awesome.  They also played The Crestfallen, Stabbing the Drama, Two Lives Worth of Reckoning, Follow the Hollow, and Rise Above the Sentiment.

October 21, 2016: 5:30 am and I finally finished my paper for philosophy class, "The Amity of Enlightenment."  I think it's pretty great, but we'll see what becomes of my grade!

October 25, 2016: My mother is in a hospice.  There are many more cancerous masses than originally believed, and the number is at least eleven.  I'm assuming she has less than six months to live as that's the only way the government will pay for it (and of course there's no other way to afford it).  She's still in constant pain and can't get up by herself.  She's taking morphine.  She's in a comfy hospice with lots of recreational activities and a view of a lake.  Well.  The hours remain.  A Petrichor by Sulphur is soon to come.  It just might be true.

October 27, 2016: My mother has 1-2 months to live according to the doctor.  He said she will be gone by Christmas, and lucky to make it to Thanksgiving.  Well.  Fuck.  I worked out.  That was great.  Showered, brushed my teeth, smoked a vape bowl (.3 grams), and took a 200 mcg tab of acid.  I didn't set a timer this time for the first time in a while, so I don't know when it will hit me.  But I think I can start to feel it; an interesting tingling in my body (although maybe this is from the weed and preworkout).  Well, acid will speed up my heart a little, but it's been over five hours since I took the preworkout.  I benched 270 for six sets and bent over rowed 227 for 4 sets (I did warmup sets of 245 and 225, respectively).  Well, a good day so far.  Kinda.  My mother wants to go home when she has to die, but the house is fucked up and needs to be fixed.  Friends and family are fixing it.  That's great.  Fuck this situation, I'm going to play Overwatch.

October 28, 2016: Waking up for philosophy sucked.  I couldn't fall back asleep, and then it turns out my mother is probably going to die today.  I was asked the question of resuscitation and asked for it, but later recanted after speaking with Crystal, Vickie, and the nurse.  Damn.  I went to Columbus to see her.  That was it.  She couldnt speak when I got there.  My last moments with my mother and she barely had the strength to open her eyes to see me.  She opened her eyes for two seconds, jerked her hands up in excited acknowledgement, and laid back to rest with her eyes closed.  My last words were never able to be returned, unfortunately.  Whatever.

October 29, 2016: My mother died at 16:26.  I left back for Atlanta, smoked some weed and passed out.

November 4, 2016: Absurdism.  Three choices: Escape, give in, or stand guard.  

November 16, 2016: My thoughts have just been spiraling out of control.  DeaMth, death, death.  How you haunt me.  Ah well.  Machinegun majesty, spill spill my blood tonight!  I have a 2200 test.  Fuck.  On Adderall to focus.  Probably have a cold.  Man I should really get control of my life.  My adverse thoughts have been running my mind for far too long now.  Where to proceed?  Ill wait because the first move is critical  but no seriously, Ill think about this later.  I should talk to more people.  My shadow has been silent for far too long.  But fuck, my declaration hurts.  It just might be true.

November 18, 2016: Got a 100 on my demo.  Worked out.  Took acid.   Caches are cool.  My computer has a lot of them.  I should stop speaking using incomplete sentences.  Ive reduced myself in that aspect.   My declaration may hurt but it doesnt mean I wont face it down.  My declaration doesnt hurt if I simply regard it as such.  Its not quite that easy, it seems.  Learned behavior you are my curse and my salvation.  I need to stop fragmenting my sentences.  This is becoming a dire habit.  This is a habit Ill break right now.  Im going to speak every sentence in a complete sentence.   My tendency to spew encompassing words is interesting.  Brevity is the soul of wit, I suppose.  It just might be true.  But its not.  Thats the meaning of that statement.  There is no true me.  Im just a collection of atoms arranged in a particular way, and I have arranged them quite well right now.  59 minutes have passed since my departure.  Well, its not a departure.  Im still here.  Its very interesting how you can perceive things.  Ive come to the conclusion, yes I know, that between black and white there is no room for two.  Making decisions is good.  Ill keep doing that.  I know how to spit or swallow.  And now what should I decide on?  Smoking marijuana?  Starting on this project?  I will delay the project until the break.  And then I will begin.  No matter my complaint, I must force myself to do this.  My future sun must hold myself to this accord.  I demand it.  And so it will be.  Start complaints here-finished complaints here-.  I know how to spit or swallow.  This wont be fun.  But Im going to do it for myself.  I often pose myself the question, What do I want?  I dont know.  I must seek solace in myself.  I leave the grey behind.  This is true.  Machinegun majesty; deceiver, believer, dont need you tonight.  Youve spilled enough blood, youve wasted my life.  I suppose I should adhere to a certain schedule.  So it must be that Ill adhere to the hours of 1-9 as mine alone during the break.  As time to work, to turn to stone my intentions.  I must enjoy my time right now, however, as it is precious to me.  I need to be more conscious of myself, but it seems difficult.  I can only think of one thing at a time, and if I listened closely enough, Id see the machines are playing my sound!  I have nothing to say.  Silence is my sound.  Thats fantastic!

November 24, 2016: Hung out with Ana all day yesterday.  I want to hang out with her again in a different context than sleeping all day!  Shes beautiful.  I need to get food and work out.  Then, I will grind these projects!

November 26, 2016: Hung out with Ana yesterday and today.  I took an hour long shower with her and then had sex for the first time.  Awesome.  I want to date her!  I also have this intense pain in my abdomen after (and also last night).  I believe its because I hadnt eaten enough, but my appetite has also been dwindling.  Food isnt very enjoyable to eat right now.  I dont know why.  Oh well.  Itll pass, Im sure.  
Retrospect: I remember Anna said, "But you don't want me." 

December 1, 2016: Tick tock.  No use reaching as time goes by!  Deaths reigning my life.  I know I must work.  Still day beneath the sun.  I know I must play.  Treasurize this entertainment now.  Im writing down my thoughts.  Need for attention, need for solace.  Sometimes I like solace.  Sometimes, shoot me straight for the sun, I want to be the only one left.  Nothing will be left here.  It doesnt matter.  Im going to do what I want.  And for now I crave solace and introspection.  Still, that path will always drag me down.  I need not pay death any mind.  But, I should pay my life mind.  Yet, my life seems to revolve around work now.  I am what I do?  No.  Work is worthless blood to spill.  Thats just the price to play, but what do I like?  A lot of time I crave nothing but my own solace.  I feel as though it is detrimental to my fraternitys goals and possibly to my own.  I enjoy the presence of others company sometimes.  A lot of times I feel lost.  And I dont know why.  I wrap myself up in my head too much.  It feels so impossible to control my head most of the time.  But I know its possible, I just lie to myself.  Im free in my mind.  Well, I know thats not true.  Im also a slave.  Why do I entertain all those cynical souls within me?  Reprieve seems out of reach, it is but lost in my atmosphere.  Why do I keep on hurting myself?  Am I depressed?  Weakness.  Ill deny it.  Until the day I die.  Nobody can fix my problems but me.  I just need to accept the fact that all these thoughts CAN be fleeting.  Over and over.  Over and over, this mental sacrifice will wring my heart for its last few drops and beat it into the brightest of suns.  I tell these things to myself but I find it difficult to enact them.  I learn the lessons then immediately forget them.  The blister exists.  I am all but what am I?  Happy?  Sad?  Angry?  Fearful?  I choose happiness.  Here I am writing this bullshit when I should be writing about some bullshit in Aleppo and Mosul.  A temporary detriment.  It is inescapable; work provides no release.  Tunnel vision, no man!  I am the suburban of pilgrims, I am the forest of trees, I am the ocean of waves, I am the galaxy of stars.  I am the black hole and the supernova, but which path to choose?  It seems I tend toward my black hole.  Its just another day drifting to the event horizon.  I am a god of the mind.  Flowery language, for sure.  Ill never die and Ill tell you why; my jealousy is killed.  Thats possibly the greatest piece of advice Ive ever heard.  They preach the good word of acceptance.  But my lament is I wont remember.  Its fine.  Everything is fine.  This winter break is going to be good.  I need a break from all this work.  This has been such a stressful semester.  But it neednt finish in such a way.  

December 5, 2016:  The days seem to blend to one.  The last time I wrote here was four days ago but it doesnt seem that way.  Smile, bitch.  Thats what I tell myself.  Smile.  Smile.  Smile.  I have this presentation in an hour and a half and I must memorize my speech.  Otherwise Ill hesitate.  I will search for the words in mind and my mind will revel in nothingness.  As before, as now.  So, I disregard such weakness and memorize it.  Ill go rock climbing and to Wingnuts on Wednesday.  Finals after that.  Six flags after that.  Ill invite Ana to Six Flags first, and then others.  I dont want to build a friendship just to see it die again.  Ive watched too many people come and go.  I need to reign my life.  Ive spent enough time with myself to know my self-destructive thoughts.  A cycle with misery of which there is fleeting escape.  The truth is I do it to myself.  It need not be that way.  I dont need anyone.  I want people.  I say this.  Ive changed a lot throughout my time.  But my desires are ever-changing and everlost!  It doesnt matter.  I speak todays words today and tomorrows words tomorrow.  Today, I speak the words of inner light!  Ive written 10,000 words here.  Ill keep writing.   As of now I do not intend to ever show anyone this document.  It is filled with my self-inflicted inner struggles.  Omnipresent supremacy of the mind is impossible with the weakness of fading memory.  I am.  Thats all I have and thats all I need.  I can rant for an eternity about death, but I have all of eternity to let this document do the ranting for me.  One day Ill publish this to the internet.  Whats the point in letting it be lost?  I will not survive, but this document will.  
Current short-term goals:  CS 2200 project, study for finals, maintain friendship with Ana, create portfolio of Computer Science work, clothes shopping, experience ego death listening to music.
Thoughts on Ana:  She doesnt want to date me.  I thought she might be on the fence about it based on our previous conversation, but this now seems to be false.  However, I want to remain friends with her.
Thoughts on pursuing a girlfriend: This is something that bothers me.  A girlfriend would be interesting but how to find a girl I actually like?  I wouldnt want to pretend to be intimate with someone I dont actually like.  Ill just talk to people as I see them just like with Ana.  The difference being Ill actually make an effort to get to know them.  I wont make this a priority.  Its something thats not easily obtainable.  I just have to meet the right people, which will happen over time.
Current long-term goals: Secure an internship.  Secure a job.  Enjoy life!  Fuck all else!
December 6, 2016:  Its 4 am.  Im working on my CS 2200 project five.  Good progress has been made.  The low of the semester was my mothers death, and the high was the time I spent with Ana.  Fortunately, I never cared for might have been.  I can tell myself this statement, but I wont remember it.  My thoughts drift to the wishing well quite often.  I can drown myself in its entrancing stare.  And I do.  Its fun to dream.

December 8, 2016:  Im at work and Eric isnt here.  I could go help out the help desk but fuck that.  I dont need to justify anything to myself.  Between black and white there is no room for two.  My self-justification actually may be to my detriment.  Ill try to avoid it.  Its difficult to break mental habits, though.  Its difficult to note your own behavior as you exhort it.  But its not impossible, so I can do it.  So I continue the day.  Now its time to learn PHP.

December 13, 2016:  Im studying for 2200 now.  Im pretty content.  I wonder what Anna will do.  Im so curious.  Im going to look into making a music player app.  Thats a good place to start.  

December 15, 2016:  Finals are over.  Hell yeah!  I think I got a 3.15 GPA.  Well see.  

December 19, 2016:  I candyflipped with Luke, Anh Tuan and Kyla.  Wild.  Lukes mom watched us while we were on all the drugs!  She was our DD.  Lol!  Ill continue my fitness app and add workout functionality!

December 26, 2016: I hung out with Anna for a day then visited family.  Im at Jonathon and Tias house right now.  I wish I could smoke weed and go to sleep.  When I think about that, it means I should stop fucking wishing for things.  Im my own worst enemy.  Who can make me fall?  Me.  Just me.  I want to make it just turn.  And it can.  But for how long?  Not long.  Without distractions, and even with distractions a lot of times, I destroy myself.  My plague is real.  My plague is an illusion.  It is difficult to bask in the light; my thoughts turn to the past, the present, and the future  the forsaken, the empty, and the unknown.  This is nothing but a perspective.  But how to force my perspective?  It is very difficult.  Nothing lasts forever.  I dont know what to do but march.  My clock ticks.  Im keeping myself alive.  Fantastic.  Maybe.  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  If I say it enough times will I blind myself?  My mindfucking system works but I dont want to do it.  I just dont fucking care.  I own the night.  I know nothing and nothing knows me.  Fuck.  I must not destroy myself.  But I do.  And I cant stop it.  It wont ever let me go.  Even when I was with Anna there were times where I found it difficult to stop hurting myself in my own mind.  But being around other people certainly makes it easier.  I am alone inside myself.  Being alone doesnt bother me.  My acute thoughts make me sad.  My acute thoughts make me happy.  And now I can choose.  I choose to be happy.  But for how long?  Ha.  I should stop asking such questions.  They are too provocative.  I know.  I know.  I know.  Total devastation just catches my eye.  I was never in pain; I blame myself.   Analyzing what Ive written down, it is so cyclical.  Ive known this for a long time, but the evidence is now here for me to see clearly.  The only way out is to die.  That wont be for a long time (I think).  Hopefully Ill live past 53 and wont get cancer.  I hope.  Thats why I dont want to drink anymore.  I dont want to fucking die, even if I hurt myself sometimes; I love myself all the time, even if I cant remember it.  People say you should seek counselling or take anti-depressants to fix this.  That wont fix a thing.  This chemical imbalance in my brain is of my own doing.  I can fix it.  Ive fixed it.  Theres no savior and there is no gun that can kill all this honor of mine, and get it done.  In the back of my mind there will always be a light lurking for its retrieval.  Smile.  What reason have I to not smile?  Smile.
The future:  I want to keep building a friendship with Anna.  I dont want to do hard drugs very often anymore.  Ive done them enough.  I want to keep smoking weed.  Smoking weed is great, and Ill never let anyone except myself tell me otherwise.  This can be generalized to anything.  But what do I enjoy right now?  Sometimes I just dont enjoy life, and its all my fault.  This is the end of everything.  I am the end of everything.  And now its the beginning of everything, I am the beginning of everything.  Birth is nothing but deaths beginning!  God damn.  Fuck my world up!  Every time I think about death alone I always draw the line.  Suicide.  Its stupid to think about it.  Id never even consider doing it again.  That incident when I was 11/12 wont ever happen again.  I had a butcher knife to my throat and I was seriously considering ending it.  And my mom told me to do it.  I remember.  But I didnt.  My mind was so fragile.  Theres nothing that can make me run anymore.  Suicide is a fools idea.  Still, its presence in my mind is annoying.  I hate remembering that moment.  Its disgusting.  People might think Im suicidal or depressed because of the music I listen to but it really clears my head of all the bullshit I feed myself.  So does writing all this down.  All the lies inside my head can vanish as soon as Im reminded theyre BULLSHIT.  Some people dont believe that.  Sadness is in the heart Linda Fisher said.  Yes, but only if your mind allows it.  Believing is what makes you sad.  Its because you believe youre sad that youre sad.  If you simply acknowledge it as a lie, its a lie.  Behold the power of the mind!  I can have a needlefeast or a rainbowfeast but my mind always wanders back to death.  Its my only fate.  Everything else is subject to change.  Tomorrow belongs to nobody.  My future belongs to me.  But where do I go?  I live Monday to Sunday but forget what it means.  Then a ghost comes to visit and I tell stories from tabloids.  God damn.  All thats in my head is my imagination and the infiltration.  My imagination is settings the god damn world on fire.  Now its not.  It all turns so fast.  When Im by myself its a war.  And I always win the battles but I cant ever win the war.  Scream.  Aim.  FIRE!  I like to point at my head and picture a blaze inside my head.  A second sun.  Some would claim drugs ruined me if I told them about my drug use.  That sucks.  Drugs are great.  Theyre round trip tickets.  I cant wait to smoke some weed.  I cant wait to work out.  Yes I can.  Im waiting right now.  Waiting, waiting, tick tock tick tock, oh wait!  Meanwhile time takes a turn.  Im feeling damned when you make it burn.  That song is really good.  Black star deceiver.  It lives within me alongside my sun.  Theyre both within reach!  Which path to follow?  How can I keep balance in this race?  Come faith Im dying, slowly.  I am, I am, I am, I am.  I am all but what am I?  Happy.  It just might be true!  Yet nothings changed in me!  Or has it?  I just did some pushups and squats and I feel much better already.  I have changed in the present but my past wont ever change.  The yesterday I love speak of tomorrow.  The yesterday I abhor speak of tomorrow.  Tomorrow belongs to nobody!

December 31, 2018 (rectroactive): I took 2 hits LSD and ate one of my 4.2 grams of ABV brownies at the same time.  I was flying through a rainbow nebula, then I fell asleep for 3 hours!  I woke up to see black hands rescinding from the center of my vision back to the environment.  I briefly saw my box speaker system cousin Jonathon gave me looking at me menacingly with sharp teeth surrounding the circular speaker parts.  I ate some food then went straight back to sleep!

January 2, 2017: Im continuing to work on the Android project.  Im using a chart library and planning on implementing JSON data storage.  That should get me hired.  Christian knows I hung out with Anna a lot.  That is irrelevant, for we only hung out as friends.  However, the key piece of information is Anna has told me she doesnt see their relationship going anywhere.  I want to remain friends with Anna, and Im fine remaining there or fostering something more.  I need to reacquire my speakers and scale too.  Its another day in quicksand, but I want to have some kind of goal in my life.  I dont know where to focus my efforts or if I would even relish in such effort at all.  Zero and zero is nothing but zero.  Zero and one is nothing but zero.  My conscience will all be washed away one day, just like my mothers.  Im crying right now.  Wow.  No.  I cant believe I do such things to myself.  It is belief that makes these things real.  In this lack of faith I have what I need.  But I run a constant lack  I want more, but I dont know what I want.  These acute states of mind kill my thoughts.  Im running forward to die.  Starving for zero.  All of these thoughts that haunt me could become art.  I should strive to create art.  I want to make a game revolving around these concepts of light and darkness inhabiting the mind.  That would be pretty cool.  Ill do it.  One for the money, two for the show, straight to hell is where I go.  GO!

January 8, 2017: I really like Sepulturas new stuff.  Im still on the fence about their old stuff.  Im high.  Im going to smoke less weed this semester.  I want to spend money on other things.  All I seek is reprieve, and it is handed to me on a gold plate.  Too bad I drop the plate too often.  My secret faith is killing me.  I wish I didnt make myself sad or frustrated.  But its difficult to stop.  It doesnt matter.  Im human.  Yet my interest is difficult to captivate.  Perhaps ADHD really does plague me.  Is this why Im so bored?  My body chemistry?  I wish I had answers, but it doesnt matter.  I am nigga, I fucking am.  I am.

January 12, 2017:  The days all blend to one.  Im not accomplishing much.  It doesnt matter.  Nothing matters.  I dont have fun anymore.  How can I have fun?  I dont know.  Its difficult.  Lies, damned lies, and statistics fill my head.  100% chance of going to the ground.  0% survival chance.  Im throwing myself against the wall over and over and over.  Im frustrating myself uselessly.  Im talking to myself a lot.  Im apathetic.  Why?  I should change now.  How long can I suspend my disbelief?  I dont know.  Seconds, minutes, hours.  Nights and mornings are the worst.  I can still see that last pulse fading away forever.  My mother is nevermore.  I will be nevermore.  I am all but what am I?  Just another number.  Its just another day in fucking quicksand.  Just another day.  I rise, I fall.  I materialize, I fade.  I synthesize, I destroy.  I love, I hate.  I live, I die.  I revel in black, I scorn white.  I am the alpha, I am the omega.  I eat blue pills, I eat red pills.  NOTHING.  It always creeps up on me.  Nothing.  I never knew nothing, I sure as fuck dont know it now, and I wont give one single fuck when it envelops me.  Zero and zero is nothing but zero.  Why try when I am born to die?  Even disregarding such a notion, what do I enjoy?  Apathy grinds my inspiration to dust.  I dont know how to fix it.  I hate playing pretend.  So I wont.  Not by myself.  But Ill pretend to others.  Ill pretend to be happy.  Ill deny it all.  NOTHING.

February 2, 2017: Times moving forward.  I have several interviews and should have an internship at the startup Pronovos.  Nothings changed in me.  I slept less than five hours this night.  I dont know why I keep losing so much sleep.  I lie to myself a lot.  I tell myself Im sad.  I wish I didnt.  But shes like heroin, sipping through a little glass.  Belief is a dangerous weapon, but the burning sun of truth rises just as it falls.  The sun turns the forest to flames just as well as ash.  I wont be fucking shamed.

Feb. 11, 2017: Smoked 300 mg DMT changa.  Saw the red brick paint in Abhinavs room was blue.  Said, Everything is fucked and then lay down and saw a color/geometry band (nebula like) floating toward me.  This band was like a portal to another world with geometry abound in it.  There was a faceless rainbow alien shape in the band that came right up to me, peered into my fucking soul (lol), enveloped me, and then floated back away very quickly.  Its all very fuzzy.  I remember being startled after smoking all the DMT as things felt strange.  I smoked 600 mg.  I remember my pipe translating sideways by about a foot so it looked extremely long when I looked at it.  I hit the pipe one last time while it looked like that before I blacked out.  I remember saying in my head, I am God and marveling the resultant geometry.  I remember spraying with my mind these slices of colorful smoke that looked like the first image but colored differently and much more numerous and scattered like the second image.  When I opened my eyes I panicked for some reason and began to fling my hands around the air and my shirt flinging these lines of colored smoke everywhere.  There was no reason for me to panic but I did.  I came down eventually but this was definitely a breakthrough.  It was pretty cool.  I smoked about 300 mg another time.  I was having thoughts of helplessness (specifically, relentless thoughts of needing someone to help me/hold me countered by relentless thoughts of in the year of need reason leads astray).  The whole time this color band is slowly enveloping me.  Then a female-looking alien came and hugged me.  Then she blew me a kiss and left through a door in the color band.  The color band then floated away.  That was crazy.  Its a very strong drug for sure.  0-100 real quick!






































February 21, 2017: Its been 10 days since I smoked DMT.  I need to email Bruce Orr, my summer internship boss.  Ive found it easy to feel bad about myself.  But it really is pathetic lies as Randy Blythe says, as Edgar Allan Poe says, as Plato says, as Albert Camus says, as most atheists say.  I am not the weak willed and I wont be convinced that my happiness is out of my reach because depression isnt your fault, its a chemical imbalance in the brain.  It is a chemical imbalance in the brain, oh the chemical reaction as Protest the Hero says.  But it is an imbalance of your own choice.  I can summon my happiness by simply believing in it just as I believe in my sadness.  Which lie I believe is all my own choice.  Choosing my beliefs, summoning my faith, synthesizing my soul is my freedom.  I can change emotions in the blink of an eye by choosing my thoughts and believing them.  However, I will always recognize they are lies and rescind to apathy.  This is fine; I would rather be apathetic than sad.  But using this ability with classical conditioning I can be a gleeful dog of Pavlov.  Sacrament is a great album.  So is Come Clarity.  So is The Living Infinite.  Those are my favorite three albums.  Beautifully executed.  They taught me so much about myself.  So did Self Reliance by Ralph Waldo Emerson.  So did The Stranger by Albert Camus.  So did The Raven by Edgar Allan Poe.  So did Philosophy 3127, especially Platos Allegory of the Cave.  I sometimes undervalue my education but I really shouldnt.  Its magnificent.  To know so much about myself is beautiful.  Back to work.

February 26, 2017: I have a Machine Learning test Im studying for on Tuesday two days from now.  I just started a few hours ago.  My professor said in the video that sheep fold.  I like his philosophy jokes.  Faith always crumbles under the weight of truth.  Light pierces darkness.  Im made of steel.  Im an iron man.  I wont bow my head.  Damn straight.  I took Vyvanse and right now I want to do everything!!!!  It makes me think I really do have ADHD honestly.  Its all in my head but everything in my head is a product of the physical realm; they are inherently intertwined and inseparable but by death.  This is nothing new.  I want to accomplish things right now; guitar, books, games, blogging, writing in general.  I should begin work on these things to do what I want to do.  Self-actualization can be important to me, and thus it is important to me.  This is faith.  I must believe the present is bright by working to build the best future.  I must accomplish my dreams.  But my apathy takes its toll.  It brings me to life and it pulls me under.  My choice.  Sometimes I dont choose because I dont care to.  Sometimes I sit in apathy until I burn up inside from my sore thumb, my frustration with my lack of time to throw away to apathy and nothingness.  I have all the time in the world to be nothing.  But right now I need to accomplish my dreams.  It still creeps at the back of my mind though it whispers, Nevermore.  I came back to this entry five minutes later.  I forgot to write this.  I choose happiness.  I love myself and people love me.  All that matters is that I love myself but it is also nice to have people love me.  I choose to love myself and my blood flowing through my veins furnishes this choice.

March 12, 2017: Nothings changed in me.  I still live.  I still lie.

March 25, 2017: I took Methoxetamine.  It was only about 5% potency (an upper bound).  It felt like maybe 30 mg max but I took 600 mg, enough to kill two people!  It was like cough syrup but very stimulating and focused instead of dreamy.  I saw lots of green squares floating everywhere outside.  Spring break.  Wow.  Over spring break, I drank cough syrup dextromethorphan.  I felt very lightheaded and had my vision discretize.  I took acid and then the visuals became amazing.  The fire discretized into blue squares, cubes, circles, orbs, polygons or 3D shapes.  It looked like a retro game fire when it pixelated.  Then, Tuesday I took 40 mg 2C-T2.  We biked to the Salty Dog on the comeup.  Jordan and I puked before we left.  So much nausea.  I puked in my mouth at the restaurant.  The dog on the TV screen in the gift shop was melting.  We biked to the beach.  I got buried in the sand and it felt so good.  I closed my eyes and saw a rainbow but mostly blue fire burning with flaming tendrils swirling around it.  The ocean was too damn cold.  We went to the Crazy Crab for dinner, still tripping.  Then we took DOM.  I took 7.5 mg, they took 5.  The DOM was very visual: we went to the beach an hour into the comeup.  We dug a huge hole in the sand and built a wall around it.  I fed birds that stole the food.  We left the beach when we started to finish coming up about three and a half hours after ingesting the DOM.  The bubbles in the hot tub looked incredible; they were all rainbow traced and shiny.  The field behind the house looked like it was a sea of deer.  The next day Jordan and I took 25 mg 2C-E.  It makes my skin super tingly all over, like my skin is being prickled all over with euphoria.  It was so visual.  The plants looked like menacing dinosaurs and things from pitch black.  The big white umbrella closed over the table looked very menacing.  It was like a ghost with many eyes.  We saw an alligator and I threw a stick and hit it.  It was a pretty great spring break.  I took about 40 mg 2C-E and Im on it right now.  Im so high.  I walk the line haha. I desire not much right now.  Im pretty content.  But restless.  The past is shit.  It is nothing to me.  But it still exists.  As the future repeats today.  This drug is very neutral.  Wow.  I smoked a ton of weed and laid down by myself in Abhis room.  I could hear the words Kill myself repeated coldly twice in my head in my voice.  Everything began to turn into a very friendly suicide weapon: towels, knives, papers, etc.  Everything.  I stared at a white towel snake in the mirror with its mouth ajar.  This snake seemed to be symbolic of this predicament I found in myself.  I said I would stare him down and then I stared until everything calmed down and nothing looked like tools of gleeful self-destruction.  I didnt enjoy this trip.  Im sure if I was in a different mindset it would be much better though.

April 11, 2017:  I realize now what the title Brave New World means.  Dare to know.  I must dare to use my reason to create my new world.  My knowledge creates my beliefs.  Behold, my brave new world.  This is nothing new, but I never really understood Huxley until now.  Surely, theres more to the book than I grasped, but this is his main idea.  It is also Plato and Kants main idea.  Dare to know.  Im going to hang out with Sabrina tonight.  That should be great!  I still feel the afterglow of the DXM I took last night.  It was a beautiful time.  The visuals were lackluster and lacking any depth other than random splashes of color.  My cognition was very interesting.  I was so surprisingly lucid.  It was great!  I wont do it again anytime soon though; DXM is not healthy.

April 15, 2017:  I feel like Im scratching at the wall.  Annoying.  I still walk this line.  I dont think it will ever go away.  Thats not true.  It feels like Ill sleep when Im dead.  So wait and bleed.  Watch my breathing.  Lol.  Wish for more?  No wait, cant have everything.  Middle ground?  I walk the line.  Thats my only option.  These mental walls.  An infinite cloud of misery is just waiting right next to the infinite cloud of happiness.  Theres always the apathetic surprise party.  Three bitches standing on top of me.  Line em up; knock em down.

April 18, 2017: Hanging out with Sabrina was great.  We ate a brownie watched The Ride Along.  I cant wait to hang out again.  

May 2, 2017: Its interesting that the last thing I wrote was about Sabrina because Im about to write about her again.  Simply put, shes beautiful, smart, and open-minded.  I like her a lot.  Shes definitely one of the most beautiful girls Ive ever seen; I knew that when I first saw her.  But back then I was too shy to talk to her.  I also wasnt really seeking girls very much for some reason.  Im not really seeking girls still, just her.  Shes leaving to Lorraine, but I want to get intimate with her before that.  Shes coming over Friday, but Im going to see if she wants to study together tonight.  If so, Im probably going to ask her to have sex.  She seems to think shes a basic piece of eye candy sometimes, but shes a human: she has a past, present, and future, and theres nothing basic about that.  I see and value every humans individuality.  This in mind, I understand if she doesnt want to, but I want to get closer to Sabrina so Im going to try.  I have this AT&T interview tomorrow and I also have two more exams to take.  No problem!  On a side note, I dont need people in my life; I want people in my life.  I dont need life; I want life.  Its that simple.  Its something I need to remind myself sometimes.  Nihilism isnt for me.  Im a god from the machine, a mind from the body.  
	God I miss my mother so much.  Every day.  Every time I think too much about her it brings me to tears.  I just cried right now.  I think Ive been brought to tears at least three times today.  I think I actually cried twice.  Its hard to see beauty in dead flowers.  Its hard to see beauty in my dead mother.  Its possible, but the sad perspectives are so easy to take.  Its a never-ending maze and its best to just look away.  Breathe.  This is what distracts me from my work constantly.  My thoughts.

May 10, 2017:  Im glad finals is over now but now I feel as empty as Im asking for.  I took 2C-B with Josh yesterday.  We listened to Damn by Kendrick Lamar and played pool.  The pool table looked like an actual pool with waves and it also appeared to zoom in and out at me.  That was fun yet nothings changed in me.  Im just as nihilistic as ever and I still live to lie another day.  I wish I could have had something with Sabrina.  Oh well.  Another bridge collapsed.  Where do I look from here?  What do I do to find enjoyment in myself?  Drown myself in video games and movies and tv shows until the day I die?  I have no desire for the shore so to speak.  Why?  I dont know.  Does it matter?  No.  Fuck.  Fuck.  Fuck.  I want to scream it until the end of days.  I keep building my brave new worlds with my own hands and then watching them recede into nothingness.  My happiness, my sadness, my hate, my fear: its all a lie.  I keep fading and theres nothing I can do to stop it.  This knowledge of the end of all things has killed me.  And I still believe in that.  It is still a lie; I still love, I still hate, no matter my futile denial.  I wish there was a way.  What do you know, I feel so invincible.  Fuck, Im the sculpture made of clay.  Im killing me.  Im dying slowly.  Fuck.  That plagues me.  This misery, this love, this hate is all my own creation.  And its all burning with me.  I could seek out women.  Would that bring me fulfillment?  Im not attracted to everyone thats for sure.  For instance, I have no attraction in the slightest to Aimee.  Shes given me her number twice (and been drunk both times), but I dont like her.  I wish the best for her but fuck her.  I missed two days of work in a row and this is unacceptable.  Im a fucking fool.  My insomnia gets the better of me though.  And in my morning delirium it seems so rational to skip work.  Fucking dumb as shit.  Oh well.  Nothing to do but hold on to nothing and move forward.  I fucking hate this.  Ive said it before and Ill say it again until the end of time.  This is fucking hell.  Its weird that only Anna knows about my suicidal ideation in my past.  Im sure she knows it goes on still; shes the one who brought it up.  I know she knows that it stays with you.  I made a rational decision to kill myself instead of working for a life a long time ago when I was eleven or so.  Thats bullshit.  Lifes so shitty, but isnt it fucking great?  Oh the perspectives game.  Im always playing.  Futility continues..

May 11, 2017: Im at work right now.  Its pretty chill.  $12/hour is nice.  But fuck this  Im fucking miserable.  Why?  Because Ive got hands on my face.  I should just be able to sit and bask in my purity until the end of days.  But the past is real and it still haunts me.  My dead mother, pets, and memories.  My broken signs that no longer bring me pleasure I try playing video games, watching things, hanging out with people and Im still getting fucked by myself.  I dont enjoy anything right now.  Not even drugs.  I dont know what the fuck to do.  I dont want to die, but I dont want to live either right now.  But here I am, living to die.  Whatever as always  

May 16, 2017:  I went to six flags on 220 mcg of acid with Graeme, Anna, and Christian.  That was crazy awesome.  My vision turned completely blue riding the Goliath and the Batman.  Graeme and I have been scavenging for weed like crazy.  We need to hit the bongs resin.  Im at work right now and I feel so exhausted.  

May 19, 2017:  Its 2:30 and Im at work exhausted already as usual.  Ive been coding the TA application for the CoC.  Actually Im recoding it and using a lot of the functionality code from the previously written application.  Most of the code Ive written redesigned the user interface.  My boss Eric is an existential nihilist, what do you know.  I identify with that; beliefs are bullshit but Ive crafted my own bullshit beliefs because nihilism is self-destructive.  God is dead and I am a murderer.  No gods no masters.  Yay.  Eyyyyyyyyy.  Ive been drinking a pitcher of sweet tea every day; this equates to 1080 calories from sugar and 396 mg of caffeine every day.  Hell yeah son!  To Reddit I go!

May 24, 2017:  Its 1:36 right now and Im at work.  It feels very difficult to shake this dissatisfaction.  These malcontent souls to which I allocate my trust are feasting on my life.  Precious seconds, minutes, and hours wasted in this heinous circle.  Ill square the circle and come out on top.  Im a fucking god of the machine!  For now.  I still miss my mom.  I still wish I wasnt going to die.  I still wish I could kill these horrid feelings once and for all.  Im taking it all with me.  You will fucking burn with me.

May 31, 2017: I took about 660 mcg of acid Saturday and looked at this picture with Euphoria plastered on it.  I also took MDMA and had that everything is perfect sensation.  This is a pretty dank poem I wrote at work while I was bored.  My vision of this poem is of glass walls parting and containing the sea, like an aquarium.  Ravens perch atop these walls flowing blood below.  
<Poem>
--Doublethink--
A whisper in the wind called to me.
Through fog and ice it pierced to see,
My world shall soon cease to be.

Yielding no mercy its wings unfurled,
Swaggering high a vengeance swirled.
A parting in the mist,
A break of the sea,
An abruption of the list,
The dissolution of me.

Diluted, atomic strains,
Pressing my forsaken name.
Shattering its glass upon the ground,
My final rest lay here, all the same.

Condemned to peace, free to cease.
Resolved to solace, yearning for blood,
Time shall open my greatest flood.
Igniting the drowned world,
Fastening the broken chains,
Lacerating my past with dying pains.

There is only blood in my sight.
Fading to black, fading to white,
Fading to nothing, fading to all.
My comrades, my enemies,
You are all doomed to fall.

My hand brings death in its gust,
Seething its heart is void of lust.
Immolation of all inside,
Burn them all, they lied!
Ashes spring deathless ravens anew,
Perching their mighty glass walls in few,
Flowing scarlet tears into the wild blue.

Chemical rains forever furnish my eyes,
I wish I could say there is no hope left to die.



June 7, 2017:  Im making a website at josephcantrell.org.  I shall put this poem there, a memorial page for the dead, and an explanation of myself and my ideas in an about page.  Also to be included are my various works throughout my life and my resume.

June 23, 2017:  Ordered stuff from the darkweb and made a Unity game called Joseph Jump.  The website is complete!

July 10, 2017: Took all 250 mg of 2C-E I had (not at once).  It was great.  I remember seeing lots of scary menacing objects.  On a 40 mg trip with Graeme I saw his arm explode into a million metal shards like something out of Black Ops 3 as time seemed to stand still (likely from epinephrine/adrenaline).  Lots of rainbows.  The purple lights looked like a white, pink, red, and blue supernova.  I felt the most beautiful euphoric tingling sensation across my whole body, although at first I thought I was cold.  2C-E is a great substance.  I just smoked the last of it.  Rolled the weed up in it and smoked it.  It came on fast but also is disappearing fast.  I just saw a rainbow face in my reddit screen however.

July 13, 2017:  Tried S-ketamine and holed for the first time today.  I insufflated 100 mg, then 80, 30, 125, then 277.  After that I holed.  There was an intense sensory overload: intense buzzing of my vision, bodily feelings, and hearing, like I was a rattling bush.  And then I could do nothing but watch.  All sense of "me" vanished without a trace.  I saw millionvision (like doublevision).  I saw so many god damn TVs!  And then the world spun over multiple times as gravity seemed to change so rapidly!  It was like I was riding the Batman at Six Flags the way the forces on my body were flipping.  The anesthetic properties were very pronounced as well.  I went through a black void full of rainbow structures and kaleidoscopic visions.  Time seemed to oscillate along with my speed through this void: mach speed to almost absolute zero.  Time seemed to slow to a crawl and I saw faces of dead pets and animals that I know.  It was like I had put on the one ring from The Lord of the Rings, but the ghosts I saw were shinier, whiter, and in a black void looking down on me and getting closer and speaking words of praise but inaudible.  I saw my mother and Honey.  I don't remember the others.  It was very intense.  More intense than any psychedelic Ive taken.  Immediately after I blacked back in, walking was very difficult and I fell over trying to put one foot in front of the other.  There's not much left to write; it was mostly over in less than 30 minutes.  At night I insufflated about 250 mg and it got me very high with intense vibrations and a bushes rustling sound, but I did not hole.  As soon as I insufflated the last of the ketamine, a river of blood came from my nose all over the one dollar bill and living room table at ZBT.  However, it didn't hurt and I felt really good with a huge grin on my face!    

July 25, 2017:  A week ago or so I tried 10 mg DOM, at T+11:30 100 mcg LSD, and at T+13:00 about 60-70mg of ketamine.  It was great, I listened to music the whole time and hung out with people.  Ive finished my website and its mobile version.  Ive started making a Donald Trump game.  Ive got a preliminary sprite and learned to make animations and use Illustrator.  I tried 5-meo-mipt and its a really dope psychedelic.  Its very stimulating but it can be very psychedelic at high doses.  I hit up this girl Dizney I met at a metal concert while on 20 mg 2C-T-2 (second experience with the drug), but shes seeing someone right now.  :/  She was really cute and a Game Development/CS major.  I cant wait to see Sabrina again; shes so attractive.  She seems so open-minded too.  I want to get to know her more!  Im so bored, chasing ways to get high.  Drugs, girls, games, food, sweet tea, tv, talking, weightlifting.  I can sit alone with my thoughts like this and be happy.  But being anti-social equals extra work according to me and Kendrick Lamar.  I am the hunger of the void.  And what I want most right now is Sabrina. :) 

August 4, 2017: LOL my previous entrys ending.  Although I do still like Sabrina.  Just updated the website to look better.  Changed the cards and the image slider buttons.  At work and bored.  I cant wait to hang out with Sabrina and get fucked up with her.  I wonder if she fancies me.  I hope so but as always it doesnt matter in the end.

<Retrospective> August 5, 2017: I ate 10 hits of LSD and played a bunch of CoD: Black Ops II.  I then went tubing for 2 hours with bros and girls from ZBT after Wes persuaded me (I almost didn't go because I didn't want to hang out outside so much).  Then I went to Golden Corral and ate a bunch of food, following which I took some preworkout and did my normal workout routine listening to All That Remains while some ZBT people from out of state were hanging out.  

August 7, 2017: This is interview practice.  Im at work but fuck work Im going to talk to myself.

1.	Tell me about yourself.  Im a Computer Science student living in Atlanta, Georgia attending the Georgia Institute of Technology.  Ive been studying CS for over three years now and have been building a portfolio to market my skills to employers such as yourself.  My current development interest is mobile games.
2.	What is your dream job?  My dream job is one in which I do what I love - moving at my own pace.
3.	My memory isnt photographic so to accomplish tasks I need frequent visits to reference materials.
4.	What are your strengths?  I can learn anything that has ever been learned and create new knowledge myself.  My strength is my malleability.
5.	Why should we hire you?  Im willing and able to get the job done and code whatever you need.
6.	Do you consider yourself successful?  Yes; Im always successful irrespective of anything else in the world.
7.	How long would you expect to work for us?  As long as the sun shines for us.
8.	Do you think you are overqualified?  No, I think I am just the right fit for the job.
9.	What is your philosophy toward work?  I reap what I sow.
10.	When will you feel successful in this job?  Immediately.
11.	How do you see yourself five years from now?  Successful.  Exactly how so it is impossible for me to say.
12.	How do you handle criticism?  However it can be used to better my world.

August 13, 2017: I took DXM and Diphenhydramine.  Its great.  I took 900 mg and 660 mg.  Tripping on it rn.  I went to pet Sparky and missed because I pet right through what looked like Sparky next to my bed.  It was an illusory Sparky.  I saw like five of them appear at once.  Very interesting!  I saw semi-transparent wires chaotically moving around for a while in the center of my vision and if I closed my eyes I could imagine anything.  Literally anything.  This is an incredible psychedelic ethereal euphoric experience.  I had Kendricks Pride song stuck in my head the whole time haha.  My pillow looked like an IDE scrolling real code I've written, then it was an RGB keyboard with which I could type.  I smoked a bowl from my dope ass purple pipe but in reality I was just laying in bed.  Relived some memories and stuff.  Its very hazy.   Jalen admitted he stole from me.  Hes gone to New York but Im not fucking with him anymore.  I know just who Jalen is.  A con-artist.  Lyric: Got no elbows, all outta grease.  I must say despite Jalen I quite enjoyed the experience and the afterglow.  It was one of the best days Ive had in a long time (the day after, August 14).

August 25, 2017:  I hung out with Sabrina and it seems she isnt attracted to me.  We tried MDA together.  It was incredible.  When she touched me my mind just melted (in the best way possible).  Thats fine.  Maybe one day that will change.  It doesnt matter.  As for now, my current avenue is Hyun(sp?).  Ima find this girl and talk to her.  I tried DOC today.  Quite the marvelous experience.  I saw a rainbow waterfall falling off my desk.  I saw dragons with my eyes closed (hydras mostly).  Thought a lot.  Light my ass under a money pyre, spit this game til it run dire.  Pull away these ocean tentacles, and free my soul to the highest fuckin pinnacles.  Fuck.  Lol that was fun.

September 1, 2017? (rectroactive): I took 7.7 mg DOC, thinking my tolerance from acid the day before would make a difference.  It did not.  During the peak I had blue lightning shooting down my skin, notably on my arms, coupled with great euphoria.  I took 8 hits of good LSD 8 hours into the trip, and tripped on that until T+24:00.  I could feel both drugs at the same time, and it was great.  I did a ton of whippets when I peaked on both these drugs, and I had some of the best euphoria in my life.  My whole body shook with a wavelength that felt like a meter, coupled with euphoria so incredible I had my eyes closed and I jumped into the air with joy.  I tripped for 36 hours total.  I saw shadow people from amphetamine psychosis when I was going to sleep, which was uncomfortable.  However, I had a good time until about T+34:00 when the psychosis visuals came on.  I noticed the distinct taste of plastic imbued to the very air at around the 8th hour mark, just like my previous trip.

September 5, 2017: Sabrina is so flaky; oh well.  I tried DMT and it felt like a full body orgasm.  The best part was when a big booty rainbow girl was twerking in my face and it became more and more real until it was like I was at a strip club with a real girl.  She flew a peace sign and disappeared through a door.  It was crazy.  It felt so good.  Im going to ask Hayeon out to coffee as soon as I get a chance.  If anything, through Facebook.  I gotta lick boy I gotta lick.  I had to park the purple Lamborghini.  And I gotta ask out the most attractive girl in the room!  Wow.  Shes so pretty.  Im smitten I must say.  I want to get to know her more!  Ive started trading digital currency.  I think I can make significant profit in this area if I diversify my portfolio into marginal and long-term investment.

September 9, 2017: Lyric: My main thought (thot).  Im putting finishing touches on my website before applying to jobs.  Ive been hallucinating for a while now.  All the time.  I see masks a lot.  I saw my world explode vaporize into blades like a porcupine while on the side steps at ZBT smoking, and I was only on weed.  I wonder if Im actually losing my mind.  I hope not but theres nothing I can do so fuck it, fuck em two at a time.

September 21, 2017: I went to music midtown with josh, james, ian, and wartofsky and it was incredible.  I took cough syrup and acid and saw Big Sean, Tove Lo (tits to the crowd!), Wiz Khalifa, and Bruno Mars.  Bruno Mars would be great to bring a girl to.  Wiz Khalifa was dope as fuck, he lit up blunts on stage.  I smoked a joint when he came on too.  Molly, Molly!  Im on MDA right now.  Im going to stick to a schedule.  Ive gotta play my habits right.  Im going to go to class to make it so I have to study less.  Really though, Im going to go to class and seek out a pretty girl and talk to her.  My primary focus right now is to get a job and a girlfriend, respectively.  Yea.

September 26, 2017:  I still wake up every day with suicidal thoughts for hours on end.  Fuck that shit.  I took Vyvanse for the 3rd day in a row now.  I hope this works.  Im going to the career fair soon.  I hope that works too.  Fuck everything.

October 1, 2017: Wow Ive been very paranoid and feeling depressed lately.  Adderall XR was very different from Vyvanse.  Methylphenidate was worse than being sober.  My whole body ached.  Vyvanse doesnt quite work the way I want it to.  It makes me really want to read but does not prevent me from having to reread something for minutes at a time.  I think Adderall is definitely the way to go.  Irrespective, being sober is definitely not the way to go right now.  Vyvanse is better than sobriety for furthering my goals.  Im winning.  I just turned in my completed CX 4140 assignment.  Im going to attend every single class because my current strategy isnt working well in most of these courses.  But honestly, I think thats just because my ADHD is interfering with everything.  Its hard to focus.  Oh well.  Ive got an appointment to get a prescription.  First, Ive got a phone interview.  That should be awesome.  Im going to look to the future.  It can be great if I build good habits with the right drugs!  Im willing to try SSRI drugs but Id like that to be my last resort.

October 4, 2017:  Ordered more amphetamine and other drugs.  I really just want the amphetamine.  My focusing problems are getting out of hand.  Its genuinely making my life too difficult.  Purple light on top of white though!

<amp day>(retrospect) October 9, 2017:  I took amphetamine after getting it from the post office at Georgia Tech.  It changed my life.  I contemplated killing my friends at a retreat the previous day, and I remember Anna worrying about me while I played with my red knife I used to declog bowls of weed.  Whatever.  I needed that amp.  I was actually in a state of total disaster after taking MDA for the first time, and then doing it again the next day with Sabrina before going on this trip.  It was horrible.  I remember eating a cheeseburger and it tasted like nothing.  I felt dead on the inside from my ADHD coming up and the DOUBLE MDA HANGOVER.  Sombitch lol.  That day with Sabrina and the MDA was when she slapped me as a joke and asked if it was okay.  She slapped me repeatedly, and hard enough to make my ears ring.  She did it as some sort of a test of my worthiness or some bullshit.  Fuck that shit.  

October 14, 2017:  Its a laughing reaper angel death king wielding a scythe scepter.  And a skull.  Its an angel of death.  Im on 25i-nboh.  The remains of my four day ketamine usage on the table look like this.  Its beautiful!  The amphetamine is working brilliantly.  It is a slow but sure comeup from where Ive been.  But I am watching it all unfold with my own eyes.  I can make anything happen.  I saw a family of rainbow raccoons and a bear in my powered off television.  

October 16, 2017:  Its 5:11 am and I cant sleep from this amphetamine.  The amphetamines are definitely working, and I am improving more and more.  Im feeling better every day.  Im more talkative, and I want to do more things.  Its great.

October 18, 2017: I k-holed again and my whole vision transformed into a planet sized blue sphere  my world.  I floated over it for an unknown amount of time before it fragmented into pieces.  Its very hard to remember the experience; I was blacked out.  Im debating whether or not to go to my class today.  I need to start doing things again.  My habits have become misaligned.  I must redirect my focus to attending class and school regularly.  This will ensure I maintain develop good personality habits as well.  Sitting at my desk and sniffing ketamine does not help me engage much with others.  Talking to others in my work environment and in my classes will help me build good social habits like conversation skills and posture.  Ive taken ketamine the past eight days straight and Im going to stop today.  I feel as if I have ketamine withdrawal; Im scratching at places all over my body.  I feel spaced out and I really want to get more fucked up on ketamine.  My stomach also hurts slightly.  Im going to stop using ketamine for a while.  I must email the federal work study supervisor back.  I dont know what to say.  Why havent I worked all this time?  

October 22, 2017:  Im remembering a fuckton of shit from my childhood I didnt remember.  Its fucked.  I wanted to kill myself when I was a kid.  I prayed to God I was going to die when I was little.  I was going to shoot myself with Bruces gun.  I was going to go shoot up the mean gang kids in the neighborhood.  Then they found it missing, freaked out, and then I forgot all about it.  What.  I forgot a lot of things.  I remember thinking of inhaling shit under the sink.  I remember this.  I didn't do it thankfully.  Ima build good habits.  Listening to this Asking Alexandria album also just brought back a lot of childhood memories I forgot.  Like, I wanted to die after killing my dog by accident.  I was sadistically enjoying her torture.  And then I learned she died and was forever gone and I felt horrified.  I think that caused a lot of Freudian forgets. (//retroactive: this is wrong)  I think this 3-meo-pcp really fucking helped me!  Ima build good habits!  I should look fondly of all my memories.  Even this one.  My past is but one thing I can appreciate.  Why does this end this wayyyyyyyyyyaaaaayyyayayayayayayaayayayaayayayayay?





October 26, 2017: Im on 3-MEO-PCP.  I have lots of suicidal thoughts.  On and off drugs.  This is where Im starting.  Were building a brand new city here.  Right here.  My entire body is vibrating.  My head is swirling around.  Damn thing keeps on spinning.   Im spinning.  Im an angel.  An angel of death.  I am Joseph Cantrell.  Ive written a lot of shit, but I gave up.  WElll.  Now I odnt give up.  I may be fucked up.  But.  My goal is to build good habits.  I hoped this 3MEOPCP would mitigate my depression.  However, I am drugs.  AR LEGION.  I AM LEGION.  I R LEGION.  AR LEGION.  NIGGA.  I just want to feel good.  I was losing hope in this world.  But now Ive found my master.  It is me.  Ya nigga.  Every goddamn day.  Fuck.
I see things out of the corners of my eyes.  Reapers.  Demons.  Masks.  Ive hallucinated before.  But!  Im the motherfucking judge.  Its good.  Thats all that matters.  Nothing else matters.  Fuck them other niggas cause Im down for my niggas.  Well.  I can be happy.  I can enjoy things.  I can enjoy things.  I need drugs to enjoy things.  Ive proven this to myself.  GOD HATES US ALL.  Yeah, he fucking hates me.  I hate me.  I love me.  I oscillate between these two states too often.  Love, Hate, Apathy.   I only love myself if I have the right drugs.  Im a slave.  Welcome to my slave new world.  Im a master sinner.  My nigga.  ME.  I.  YAAAAAAAAAAAAA.  Damn.  I just want to stand up and scream!  AR LEGION.  Im also General Sherman, here to burn this city to the ground and march to shore.  

October 28, 2017:  Im moving out of ZBT.  Everyone is a manipulative fuck.  Ima find new people.  10 mg at 9.  10 more at 10:30ish.  That drank gone kill you.  Gotta be careful!  Watch ya step!  Im not going away and neither are you.  Im losing my mind.  Im screwed up.  Im doing well.  I gotta say: Never faget, we all pretty!  

October 29, 2017:  People Ive lost: Paula Cantrell, Patricia Ann Cantrell, Tammy Riddle, Carol Denham, Paul Cantrell, Bonell Love(?).  Pets Ive lost: Traveler, Precious, Tinkerbell, Dixie, weiner dog, Rex, Summer, Saphira, Honey.  Today is the day my mom died.  Im watching The Boondocks.  I feel way better now that Im on these amphetamines.  3-MEO-PCP is doing the job too.  Im leaving ZBT soon.  Im moving into an apartment!  When I took 3-MEO-PCP yesterday with 480 mcg of LSD I felt vasoconstricted in my toes.  So, I jogged in place.  It felt sooooo good and it was like I was running through time.  I ran through my past, seeing my mom waving to me on the side, running down my neighborhood seeing my neighbors outside looking at me.  It was so realistic but everyone was also outlined in rainbows.  Independent scenes were smoothly transitioning and I ran through my past until I blacked out.  It felt like I was enhancing my brain's power.  Jogging in place also removed the vasoconstriction.  Pushups and body squats were also great.  I saw a beautiful phoenix, and I spread angel wings that were pointed at the tips like blades, and very shiny.  It was beautiful.  I saw a naked girl in Ians empty bed, formed out of the clutter on it.

November 1, 2017:  Im progressing well with the amphetamines.  Its been 18 days now!  Im cutting ties with fuck niggers and Im going to focus on hanging out with people who like to do the things I do, like shooter games and drugs.  Im going to spread my gospel as soon as I perfect it.  Its going to take more time and more experience under the influence of amphetamine.  I want to get with Sabrina, and shes hinted she doesnt like her current boyfriend.  Ive just got to show her Im the best.  But most importantly, I know Im the best, and Im going to go prove it.

November 3, 2017:  Ive applied for housing at the Solace apartments.  At 8 pm I took 2 hits of acid and 15 mg of 3-Meo-PCP.  At 10:38 I took another 15 mg.  At 12:33 I ingested another 15 mg.

November 4, 2017: I took 150 mg MDA, 1 tab LSD, 10 mg 3-MeO-PCP, then and a ton of 3-meo-pcp throughout the night.  The whole day was crazy.  I was blacked out for 5 hours til T+6:00.  I listened to Window of My Eyes by Boozie Badazz the whole time and it was amazEng, gotta say.  I opened the window of my eyes.  I floated through a blue nebula filled with lightning.  It felt like I spent years in a prison; these were super realistic hallucinations with my eyes closed.  I saw a repeating fractal pattern of rainbow angels of death and reapers in my pillow.  It was beautiful.  Everything was holographic and translucent.  It was the best open eye visuals Ive ever had.  Still Life page titled with Cest La Vie.

November 8, 2017:  Theres a lot of succubi here.  Its chill.  Im disconnecting from them all.  Theyre not worth my time.  

November 10, 2017: Im on 3 hits of acid.  I took 15 mg 3-meo-pcp at 6 pm.  I took 15 mg 3-meo-pcp at 10 pm again!  I even felt Lil Boosies Window of My Eyes when I was trying to document my use of drugs.  He did the same shit haha.  Its a good song.  I wanna make my own anthem.  Im my own mothafuckin movie.  Lol.  Im becoming more conscientious slowly.  My recreational drug use detracts from that, but I refuse to give it up!  Ill continue to rise as long as I restrict my usage to the weekend.  Good things are transpiring!  I see 3d letters everywhere.  Im finna sniff this at 10:04.  Lol.  I saw the 3D rainbow face of a tiger in my window.  When I took this drug combination, it was like I was tripping through time.  My feet would get cold, so I would run in place.  It was like I was running through my past with full open eyed visuals of my driveway, people, and everything.  Very realistic.  I always wanted to make my mom an atheist.  It never happened.  I remembered getting my ass beat by my mom and Bruce with a belt.  I remember Bruce kicked me.  I remember Bruce grabbed me by my throat and slammed me against the wall up off the ground.  I remember Amanda almost drowning me by holding me underwater.  I remember almost drowning while my mom was getting drunk.  I remember my mom screaming for me to leave her alone a lot.  She was really depressed.  Like, damn.  I wish I couldve helped her.  Oh well.  I can still help myself.  Its the only thing that matters!  My wellbeing depends in kind on the wellbeing of those around me.  I wrote 80,000 words in Krelzors Quest, a bottom to the top rpg-style quest of total ascension.  I realized my character development was flawed compared to others.  Now I realize characters are difficult to manifest.  Im no character though.  Im still alive.  I remember I wanted to kill myself and I had a knife to my throat and my mom told me to do it, and I realized death was futile as well and controlled my impulsivity.  I remember the time the power, water, and heat were off for 3 months was pure hell.  I completed my schoolwork as normal, but I was dying on the inside that whole time.  But I made it through and just played Call of Duty with my bro Rosa the rest of high school.  I remember I asked where the proof for all of this was at Camp Joy, a Christian brainwashing camp.  The teenage girl said, unnerved, The bible is proof.  Then I realized it was a lie.  Circular reasoning.  I was maybe 5 years old.  I remember believing I was being held at gunpoint for an hour when that black kid said he was going to shoot Joshs dog.  I remember Josh trying to enslave me.  He shot me with his airsoft gun and threatened to shoot me more if I didnt do what he said.  I remember Devante throwing a rock at me, calling me cracker, and pretending to beat the shit out of me.  I remember watching him smoking walking down the street.  His house got raided by the police in front of my eyes when I was about 13 and at the bus stop.  I remember seeing a gang of about 30 guys walk really slow down my street, like theyre prowling, all in white undershirts and black basketball shorts, all matching.  Meh.  Thats all in the past.  Im Joseph Cantrell, and thats part of me too.

November 14, 2017:  Theyre trying to make me move out tomorrow.  I have 30 days as a tenant and about 14 left.    So, Im good.  After 5 weeks of being medicated I just had a problem reading a sentence for at least a minute again.  Adderall has two 3 more salts than just the amphetamine sulfate Im taking so I assume itll be superior.  Im getting 10 mg Adderall XR tomorrow after my physical.

November 16, 2017:  I tried Xanax for the first time last night at 8:15 or so.  I did it again at 9:30.  I think it was about 1 mg but my scale is fucked up.  Well, later I took 3 lines of Xanax up the nose.  I woke up this morning feeling awful.  I texted Anna a bunch and completely forgot about it.  I woke up  still blacked out, took my amphetamine, got a haircut, and then I blacked in mid-sentence in Jordan's room.  I was actually telling Jordan something about my experience and telling him I was giving him all 63 mg left of the Alprazolam powder.  I did weird things out of order in my head and things I normally wouldnt do when cooking a hot pocket.  I did this whole day on autopilot.  I was there but not there.  Its hard to recall most of the day too.  It flew by like a blur.  Xanax is the drug of the devil, and the bad kind.  I dont ever want to try Xanax again.  I would only do Xanax again if I ran out of options.  Its up there with alcohol and cocaine.  I hate all three of those drugs.  Well, its time to smoke some weed and play some R6S!  24 hours later, 8:30 pm, I still cant pass the walk in a straight line sobriety test.  I can type mostly well but I keep making mistakes I cant really account for.  Like, I just typed cb instead of cc in accountant.

November 20, 2017:  Ive moved into my new apartment.  When I moved out with Sabrina's help I was seeimg the letter A textured over everything.  I've still been hallucinating without drugs.  I took 360 mcg LSD and 30 mg 3-MEO-PCP.  This is the next day.  Im on 2 mg 25i-nboh, 120 mcg LSD, 30 mg 3-MEO-PCP, and a small amount of 5-MEO-MIPT.  Im tripping balls.  I saw a smiley face in the light outside.  Im peaking right now.  I just made 288 dollars from my Ethereum investment.  

November 21, 2017:  Its my birthday.  I took 240 mcg LSD, 18 mg 5-MEO-MIPT, and what 3-MEO-PCP I had left.  Its a great feeling!  Im going to order more amphetamine, DOM, MDMA, and 3-MEO-PCP.  These along with LSD are my favorite drugs!  I edited my resume and website while on these drugs.  I created drop down menus.  The euphoria I felt in my head on completing that JavaScript drop down menu for my website was incredible.  It was like a vibrating ping that went off in my mid-right brain area.

November 28, 2017: I got really fucked up this past week.  Im about to order more stuff.  This guy is offering me a computer science contract job.  Im going to call him.  He seems like hes a drug dealer shuffling his money into various businesses though.  I looked him up and I couldnt find anything about the police.  Hes got at least three businesses under his name, and one making $500,000 in revenue with him as the sole employee.

December 2, 2017: Ive applied to 28 jobs and have one interview scheduled in 5 days!

December 7, 2017: The career fair in late January is my best job bet.  Im sure to get a job there.  I got 7 g MDMA recently.  This is my third day in a row on it.  Ive been supplementing carefully with 5HTP with good results.  Aint no way but to slay, so go on ahead: REIGN!

December 8, 2017:  I took 250 mg MDMA today.  This is my fourth day taking MDMA and LSD in a row.  I inhaled four cartridges of N20 and I saw a beautiful rainbow hand.  Im determined to date this girl Audrina.  

December 10, 2017: Sending my resume to 40 companies and posting my site to Facebook I achieved an average of 3 page views per visitor,  of my total content.

December 11, 2017: 400 mg of 5-HTP with 225 mg MDMA was stronger vs 300 mg of 5-HTP with 250 mg MDMA done the previous day.

December 17, 2017:  Ive been working with Sama Doh on the secureus app.  Im creating a MongoDB database.  I asked Audrina to hang out but forgot to ask her to dinner.  I get so high when Im around her; my body floods with chemicals and its lit!  She said she would let me know.  Im hopeful.  I just took MDMA 10 days in a row and took over 750 mg tonight.  Whew.  I had an MDA trip into the afternoon too.  
<Retrospect> I experienced brain zaps after doing about 750 mg of MDMA this night (weighed and wrapped in tortillas because I had no gel caps).  I really felt the MDA metabolite kick in and keep me up through the next day.  It felt like I had taken like 30-40 mg of MDA.  Anyway, all that MDMA definitely wasn't the best idea.  It felt like my brain sheered to the left coupled with my vision doing the same thing.  My field of vision just teleported kinda like on dissos, and I felt a dysphoric movement to the left at the top of my head.  I was reckless, and I could have died, but I had a pretty high tolerance from doing MDMA every day for a bit (not suggested).

December 26, 2017:  I bought a $1,000 white German Shepherd and named him Breezy.  I bought $40 of heroin from a dude on the street corner.  I took 200 mg MDMA and 65 mg heroin and Im having a bad time.  I have intense visuals when I close my eyes, Im very nauseous, unbalanced, dizzy, and very hot.     Im overall dysphoric with some short bursts of euphoria.  My heart rate is 70 instead of 100 too.  Ive puked twice.  But, Im G. 

December 31, 2017: I used about 75 mg of heroin and 750 mg DPH.  Im tripping balls and saw a for real Pikachu under my desk in the dark.  Nitrous is great with it.  I holed and had an ego death sitting on my bed listening to Boosie Badazzs Window of My Eyes, my favorite song right now.  Then I faded to centered rainbow skull that enveloped my minds eye.  Here comes the DMT!  I then saw a rainbow face in my desk that looked very real.  I saw the Sawmov again and got into it sometimes, but other times I thought the acting was horrible.    Breezy pissed on my carpet 7 times in one day a few days ago.  My plan is to scold him and send him to the cage when he does any high crimes such as this.  Then he will be allowed the living room the next day, and following good behavior Breezy will sleep in my room.  Following more good behavior, he will be allowed to sleep on my bed and stay there unsupervised by me.

January 3, 2018:  Breezy is still peeing in here.  Hes in his cage jail now.  I tried sniffing about a gram of 3-MEO-PCP and it appears to be either 2% potency or honestly it could be anything.  It smelled like almonds and solvent when I got it.  5.5 g.  Ive done about a gram I think.  Fuck it Ima do more.  Im so bored.  I feel a girlfriend will ease my woes and bolster my joy.  I know this is so.  Everyone doubts me though.  Even me.  Well fuck it.  Im going to sniff this line of 287 mg of white mystery powder.  Im calling out to the mayne, impatient I gotta wait, I know he come when he want but I need him to come today.  That song hits harder than anything Ive ever heard.  Except for me.  The song cannot strike me down; I cast the stones at myself.  What am I to do, envelop myself with flowers, pop music, and ketamine?  No, flowers, ketamine, and Boosie Badazz.   Ive come so far these past 85 days taking dextro and levo amphetamine 1-3 times per day.  However, today is my worst day since then.  And Ive stayed up all night multiple times before, even after binging MDMA.  Why?  I dont know.  Theres nothing to do but move forward, one way or another.  (I jacked off for 12 hours straight on this "3-MeO-PCP"//retrospect.  I think this was actually weak 4-MeO-PCP, but it was definitely NOT 3-MeO-PCP)

January 4, 2018: I stayed up all night.  I last took another dose at 12 pm, then chilled for a while.  Took an Addy.  At about 9 pm I started getting high from the 3-MEO-PCP again, even higher than I ever did the previous night.  Everything points to this being at least a legit PCP derivative.  I dont feel as stimulated as I remember feeling, and the insufflated dosages Im taking are too high for not much effect.  I decided it was time to open the window of my eyes and try taking the 3meo orally.  I took 30 mg 3-MEO-PCP, then 25, then 40, then 35, then 25 over the course of 4 hours, for a total of 155 mg so far.  Ill still be coming up for 1.5 hours, but I see color trails moving everywhere and my computer screen looked like a cartoon house for a second while I was typing this!  I feel like GOD.  Sex on this drug would be great.  I must combine it with MDMA!  With MDA it was great, so I expect more greatness.  I smoked DMT so maybe thats why I have more visuals right now!

January 6, 2018:  I stayed up all night Jan. 4 too.  I stayed up for 60-62 hours.  I wrote this on my website but I am retracting it for now:

Since birth, I have lived with prominent <a href='https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/attention-deficit-hyperactivity-disorder-adhd/index.shtml' target='_blank'>ADHD</a>, a condition causing my body to under-employ its dopamine and noreprinephrine systems.&nbsp
This causes a sharp decrease in motivation and attentiveness, respectively.&nbsp&nbspI stopped taking my medication at age 11 because my symptoms had gradually conditioned away and I was a model student.&nbsp
It was not easy to see this, but that is the single worst decision I have ever made.&nbsp
Slowly over the next ten years I loosely watched myself drift from unmatched determination in everything I fervently sought to a complete reduction and devaluation of everything I barely beheld.&nbsp
By the end, every day began with hours of my mental take on Spike's TV show 10000 Ways to Die before I escaped my bed.&nbsp&nbspI could not simply relinquish my mind and focus on other tasks.&nbsp
In my mind, these alternatives did not exist.&nbsp&nbspI was trapped in my mind with only one possible fixation to captivate my neurotransmitter depleted brain's attention.&nbsp
If your self-evaluation seems ever out of reach, I highly recommend acquiring a psychiatric evaluation to determine if you have ADHD; the consequences are all too real.&nbsp
You may swallow these words 4 eternity: I will never behold such a place in my mind while the sun shines today!


January 11, 2018:  I rode MARTA and tried to buy Adderall on the street.  This nigga hustled me out $140.   Fuck it, Ima find the A somewhere.   I tried 25, 25, 35 mg DCK and it was nice but wayyy too nauseating.  I have to keep the dosages lower.  It works best in combination with other drugs.  I walked my dog and it was like I was on autopilot.  3-MEO-PCP > Adderall > DCK > Xanax.

January 14, 2018: God damn it, Im God, damn it.  Im relapsing to ADHD.  I can't read again when I'm withdrawing on amphetamine.  Im going to grind for this amphetamine sulphate.  Its going down.  Up.  You know what I mean.  Me.  My favorite bit string is 101010 = 42.

January 14, 2018: I'm going to straight up text file here because I don't trust Microsoft Word. Meat was made to be cooked.  Nah mean?

January 17, 2018:  I feel like I've been liberated from Auschwitz; I sipped a bite of Adderall 2 seconds ago about one minute ago since I had to write this!  I think I accelerated my resurrection from Anne Frank to Joseph Richard Cantrell AKA AR Legion using my AK47 Adderall 30mg and DCK titrationishition, like tItRAtIoN-ISh(DcK)-(ShIt)I(GNI)tIoN! +ARLEGION  Wow that's my favorite thing I've ever come up with.  Breezy can tell I'm hungry!  That's so dope!  Breezy can sense things about me I can't, and also things I noramlly can but can't dissociated!  Breezy dissociates when he knows something's wrong.  Wow.  So did everyone around me.  So did I!  I'm me myself, and I!  I must not use dissociative drugs when I need to maintain my government image; I tell on myself!  Lol thanks Lil Boosie but it was me myself and I.  Rainbow Phoenix.  

January 18, 2018:  I recently got my first dog myself, a fluffy German Shepherd named Breezy.  Some people, including my cousin Hayden, were scared of dogs.  An aggressive breed can be conditioned.  Nonaggressive breeds can be conditioned to synergize for collective benefit.  This is why marginal capitalism with a safety net is better than pure communism.  I learned all of this myself with the help of mankind's best invention, the interwebs! (internet!)  The Slayer circle is an example of metaphorical titration with spikes to rise.  I pray to me, God, you run in the right direction!  Learn good punctuation and the rest will follow because you will know to find it yourself.\&nbsp&nbspMy first dog Tinkerbell is an example of what my affliction, ADHD and boredom, creates.  I know what happened.  It's going to be pretty hard to convince me to do something like that again.

Janauary 19, 2018:  DCK < 3-MEO-PCP which is the best.

January 30, 2018: I'm going to ask out this girl from my 3790 class.  If that fails, I'll ask Maddy from my 4001 class.  If that fails, I've always got the other two classes!  Everyone in my CS 4001 class is fucking with me, even the professor.  They're trying to tell me who I am or see how I interpret metaphors about myself or Maddy, the cute girl with whom I conversed.  Fuck the haters!

February 10, 2018: Notes for CX 4220

Speedup(parallel algorithm) = run-time of best sequential algorithm / run-time of parallel algorithm
Speedup(p) = T(n, 1) / T(n, p)
Efficiency(p) = S(p) / p

February 12, 2018: People everywhere are still playing games with me.  It's frustrating.  I want to dig a hole.  I'm going on a pet strike to stop my dog Breezy from playing with the stupid spoiled whore playset I bought him.  I am accommodating his reward tiers.  Solace on Peachtree, including the management, employees, and Sama Doh, have been fucking with me.  If I die, investigate these bitch ass niggas.

Multiprocessor algorithm efficiency is the speedup(p processors) / p, which shows total energy (Joules usually, but algorithmic steps with unit of work done equivalent to one in this case) is distributed perfectly with an efficiency of 1.  Iconic, echoic, and haptic memory are short working memories of the visual, auditory, and touch senses.  My goal is to see if LSD and 3-MEO-PCP may be the best daily tool for my ADHD.

February 19, 2018: Amphetamine starts to play mind games with me.  It's not pleasant, but I have to focus my attention well with something every so often or I'll lose control of my mind.

<amp quit day> <Retrospect> February 21, 2018: I don't remember anything about this day at all.

<Retrospect> I only remember holding the back of my head whilst on my knees and feeling a jackhammer plunging into the back of my brain for about a minute straight.  This was the most intense pain of my life.

February 24. 2018: I last took amphetamine on the 21st.  I feel better already.  Liberated!  I'm going to start using LSD and 3-MEO-PCP instead.

February 25, 2018: I wanted to die most of today tripping on LSD and 3-MEO-PCP; I suspect Adderall withdrawal.  I called out some bitch-ass niggas in my past and made a game in the end.  I will push forward at all costs.

February 26, 2018: People must be better educated to take the jobs available, and reductions in working hours may be necessary.  

March 5, 2018: I banged a black escort named Stacy today (and forgot to upload a video online) but couldn't get hard after a while because I took both LSD and Adderall.  I used a condom, she didn't touch my stuff, I didn't expose my insides to her, and I took a shower after we had sex so I'm safe.  I've now made love to two women: Ece Onay and Stacey.  I'm going to see the doctor tomorrow.  I can't trust anyone except a doctor.

March 14, 2018: I'm doing fine, I can read fine, and I haven't touched amphetamine since March 5.  I'm here with my dog Breezy.

March 15, 2018: DOM, PCP?, and Adderall seem to work well as ADHD medications.

March 29, 2018: I tried 2.8 mg DOB today.  I feel stimulated and have visuals but it's not as good as DOM or DOC.  There's too much vasoconstriction over my whole body.  The euphoria was nice, however.

March 31. 2018: MXE eliminated my depression as a shining white crystal in a black void forming metaphorical heaven for me to behold within myself; this is where I holed with 120 mg plugged.

April 1, 2018: I breathed blue fire out of my mouth on MXE (it was actually smoke).

April 2, 2018: I took MDA today. On May 2 I'll take 125 mg plugged.

<Retrospective> April 7, 2018: I plugged 600 mg ketamine today and holed.  I kept going in and out of the hole and plugging more ketamine to write more lyrics to this song Blacken.  I finished writing the song, started recording it on ketamine, and finished recording it on 3-MeO-PCP the next day.

April 11, 2018: Next time I'll take 175 mg MDA plugged.  I'm going to insufflate 35 mg of 3meopcp.  I like 3meopcp insufflated better than plugged.  It comes on faster and stronger.  It is better in every way insufflated except for messing up my nose.  I'm going to eat the 3meopcp tomorrow!

April 12, 2018: After a comparison, I have determined oral route of administration is the best ROA for 3-MEO-PCP.

April 17, 2018 (memoir): Began Prophet Launcher.

April 23, 2018: I like 3-MEO-PCP rectal ROA most.  I'm high AF and I have published a few games on the Play Store.

April 26, 2018: I have mixed lots of drugs in my life.  However, I'm done mixing drugs now. Mixing LSD and 3-MEO-PCP makes it a little hard to breathe.  I'm playing too many gmaes with myself.  I'm good.  I'm going to stay away from the dissociative drugs for a while.  3-MEO-PCP is incredible but I've abused it.  LSD is safe but it is not safe to mix with other drugs.  Mixing drugs potentiates their effects.  I feel fine one hour later.  Damn flashed through my mind and I was a little agitated actually.  My airways were constricted.  Even when I felt like I was going to die I just felt fucking great.  It's a slippery slope and I slipped.  Now I can fix my mistakes by just smoking weed.  I shall wait for the opportune time to strike the darkweb again when bitcoin rises above at least $11,000, but I will place several Amazon orders on the day before I order the half pound of weed.  I'll buy bud from Juug later.

April 27, 2018:  I took 90 mcg LSD and 25 mg 3-MEO-PCP today.  It makes me too high to combine the two.  It's hard to breathe again and I can barely breathe through my nose again.  Bad idea.  I'ma just eat my brownies I made now and microdose LSD with 3-MEO-PCP.

May 7, 2018: I have come to the conclusion that oral 3-MEO-PCP is the best ROA.  I feel really good about 30 minutes after ingestion.  Insufflated hurts and plugged seems less effective.  I concur with 3meopcpnumberonefan, Xorkoth, and lots of other people.  Oral 3-MEO-PCP is the best way to go.

May 22, 2018:  Wells Fargo claims: 10525187294

May 26, 2018: I just smoked 20 mg of 3-MeO-PCE sandwiched with some cannabis in a bong.
T+5 minutes: Open and closed eye visuals.

June 16, 2018: I'm getting evicted.  Work has been more pleasant than I expected due to my amphetamine conditioning.  However, I fucking hate dealing with people.  I might just overdose myself on heroin on my bed.  Then I can die in peace and never have to deal with shit again.  I hate submitting to the demands of others.  I'm tired of being a slave.  I prayed for a make-believe Christian god to come kill me when I was four years old.  There is no god.  Drifting to eternal peace in timespace sounds nice.  Fuck it I'm leaving the dog food open, shooting $40 worth of heroin into my ass, and going to sleep forever with Breezy.

June 18, 2018: I'm skipping work until I get the heroin.  It should arrive Wednesday.  I'm going to do 120 canisters of laughing gasW, smoke a bunch of weed, and then peacefully die.  People can blame whatever they want but I blame myself.  I've wanted to die almost my whole life.  I'm doomed to die.  So, fuck it; I've lived a richer life than most people on this planet.  

June 19, 2018: I'm going to work until I get the heroin; I'm going to maintain the status quo for now.  I would rather die than listen to authority.  If I can't exercise my freedom then I'd rather not exercise at all.  Fuck:
the government
the police
the law
religion
d-amphetamine and l-amphetamine
ADHD
work
most of all fuck mockingpeople

Hello. I am Joseph, a Georgia Tech student graduating December with a current job at Verizon Connect.  I was recently evicted and am seeking to rent immediately with my German Shepherd dog, Breezy.  Is there any way I can rent from you.  Thanks,

June 23, 2018: God dammit I skipped work again with the intention of killing myself.  It is harder to bring myself to do this than I thought.  Now I insufflated 33 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm going to do more 3-MeO-PCP.  I am a whimsical puzzle piece at work.  Fuck work.  But I must.  That amphetamine once made me so paranoid I pissed out my window with a knife because I thought an intruder had locked my bathroom.  I was paranoid about scary movie characters when I was a kid.  Wow adderall made me so paranoid and fucked up at night.  Shit was crazy.  I thought there were cameras in the sprinkler system in my apartment.  I thought niggas were looking through a telescope at me.  I thought niggas had hidden microphones and speakers in my room and were talking to me through them.  It was absolutely fucked.  But I could read sentences again after a while.  And regained control of my mind.  Now I don't give a shit.  I quit.

June 30, 2018:  I decided not to quit.  I forgot about subleasing.  Eyyy!

July 3, 2018:  I'm renting a room at Arium with Tyler Roche for $940 per month; this is slightly cheaper than I was paying before, and I won't get fucked by management!  ...  Change of plans already!  Now I must find somewhere else.

July 8, 2018: It's looking like I'm going to be homeless for a bit.  I'm investigating places to go.  

July 13, 2018: I'm going to live in the CULC at Tech.  

July 18, 2018: The library fucking sucks.  I can't leave my shit anywhere.  I lost all my apartment shit.  
Hello.  I am Joseph, a Georgia Tech student graduating December with a current job at Verizon Connect.  I am seeking to rent soon with my German Shepherd dog, Breezy.  Can I rent from you?

  I was recently evicted July 15 and am now homeless until I can rent again.  My budget is $1200/month total cost per month including utilities and fees.  I worked at Verizon Connect as a summer internship and I am graduating in December.  I have a Belgian Shepherd who would stay with me.  If anyone has any leads to renting in the future please contact me.  Thanks,

July 23, 2018: I'm still living in the GT library.  I sleep on three chairs pushed together.  It sucks.  At least I have my computer and WiFi.

July 29, 2018: It's so fucked.  I don't make 3x the monthly rent of any apartment; I make $2700 per month right now, which is only 3x $900.  They would want a cosigner to make 5x the monthtly rent; that's about 1000x5=$5000/month,x12=$60,000/year.  I don't know where to find a cosigner like that.  Friends of family won't even do it, and no family of mine makes that.  It's fucked.  I won't be able to find an apartment for less than $1,000.  I'm fucking screwed.  I found where my dad, Bonnell Coachman Love probably lives.  My mom posted on ancestry.com about him 18 years ago lol.  959 VALLEY RD. CRESTVIEW, FL 32539.  Now I'm on 1 hit LSD and 30 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  My goal is to stay alive.  The clouds were like ocean waves.  I closed my eyes and saw a dual rainbow serpent transform into a dragon.  

Hello.  I am Joseph, a Georgia Tech student graduating December with a current job at Verizon Connect.  I am seeking to rent soon with my German Shepherd dog, Breezy.  My website is https://josephcantrell.org for more information.  Can I rent from you?

August 4, 2018: The library is closing for two weeks now, so I'll have to sleep in the CULC. 

August 24, 2018: I just took Dextromethorphan.  I felt a need to write down what's transpired now.  I was arrested on August 10 by GTPD while I was sleeping in the bean bag room at the CULC.  Tyre warned me not to leave my stuff out as they might search it, and I thought about taking my backpack with me to sleep, but I did not.  I went to jail.  Jail wasn't that bad.  You get a bed, but meager amounts of food.  The people are mostly nice.  The street was horrible.  After being released a day later, I slept on a bench.  On this same bench the next day, a homeless man threatened to shoot me with a .357 I'm 99% sure he didn't have.  Then I slept outside a Chick Fil A.  That was awful.  There was nothing to do except sit there outside in the heat.  I slept for 3-4 hours each night.  So then I stayed in an extended stay for $110.  Then I stayed with Moon's friend Guss.  I met Moon in jail.  There was no water or internet, and a single straight black porn DVD was played over and over on the tv while the radio played in the background sometimes.  They also smoked crack.  It wasn't so bad though.  Everyone on the street drinking and chilling were pretty nice, but there were two verified racists (constant "white boy" talk).  I watched Gus and this black woman smoke the remains of the crack they had in their pipe.  She was really hot and irritable.  She said the lights made it hot, and I was like, "Oh yeah, you're right."  Gus said he was a pimp, and I was like, "You were pimpin'?".  He was like, "Hell yeah man."  He asked me if I wanted to fuck these crack whores.  I said I didn't want to partake, but it was nice of him to ask.  I drank milk from the jug and made cereal with a bowl with the help of Gus and that sweet lady.  I got the milk from a convenient store down the street.  I played some video games and slept on the red couch.  Now I'm in an extended stay for $60/day.  I'd rather live in jail than on the street, paranoid about where you're allowed to sleep and wondering where to eat and get water.  I won't be doing DXM again without weed.  But honestly, I don't want anymore DXM.  It doesn't feel too great anymore; it's nauseating and my face is flushed hot.  3-MeO-PCP was vastly superior as a dissociative.  

September 12, 2018:  I hit a trash can on my bike and flew off.  My leg was bleeding until I went to sleep (7 hours), but was numb from endorphins after the crash.  I just stayed up all night to go to court.  I also relearned the Floyd-Warshall algorithm.  The cost for me to cook for the semester would be an estimated $1450 split among utensils, chili cheese fries, bratwurst red beans and rice, tombstone pizza, and eggs and ramen.  Eating 10 cheeseburgers or 5 bacon double cheeseburgers from McDonalds at $7.62 per day totals to $914.  Eating just eggs and ramen and pizza split evenly totals to $905.  Therefore, I am going to eat McDonalds every day from now on until I've graduated.  Factoring in expenses for new bedding=$365, food=$914, rent=$1174*2, Breezy-food=$32*4, hygiene=$40, and security deposit=$1200, I should have $1000 surplus budget.  Mining even $.56 cents per day will still yield me $20 per month.  At $.14 per kWh this comes to $13 electricity costs

September 17, 2018: I just took 25E-NBOH.  I had to pencil in the lines using an internet ruler because they weren't drawn in.

October 8, 2018: The lines were actually there; the real blotter was inside this plastic wrap, and I didn't notice.  25E is cool; it gives a washy euphoria over my body, a numb tongue, and geometric visuals like LSD or DOM.  I saw a long scaly curled up dragon that looked pretty big.  I feel it necessary to document my prior experiences with some others.  25 mg plugged O-PCE: I holed and blacked out in my bed for an unknown amount of time.  I remember nothing of the hole; it presents lots of amnesia.  The last thing I remember is swirly white blades about 1 foot in diameter enveloping my entire field of vision while I was watching a The Trailer Park Boys movie.  I shouldered my door kinda hard by accident trying to go to the kitchen due to motor coordination difficulties.  With 3-MeO-PCE, I once got tinnitus and lots of swirling flashing colored lights (mostly light purple and blue).  I could see them flowing over Breezy like crazy.  It was like I was in a tornado like 2C-B, but less intense visuals.  

October 27, 2018: 3-HO-PCP is the most confusing disso I've done.  I did about 75 mg or so over 4 hours.  I blacked out for a majority of the time.  I see matrix visuals, tiny rainbow squares with worlds inside them.  Time was definitely warped at multiple points.  I watched south park.  I played Rainbow Six.  Everything I did or witnessed felt extremely significant.  In hindsight, that was too high of a dose.  I'm very fucked up right now.  Reading and typing still take effort.  Dissociative drugs can make you think you're sober when you are not...  I took too much 3-HO-PCP, and might have realized better effects had I marijuana on hand.  It was A+.

October 28, 2018: Took like 60 mg 3-HO-PCP and smoked weed, saw a bajillion rainbow fidget spinners and got whippet euphoria for like 2-3 hours straight.

October 30, 2018: Took like 100 mg 3-HO-PCP and laid in my bed.  I was stuck in whippet euphoria again for hours.  I heard my voice as the voice of a god inside my head (I'm a devout atheist).  Time slowed and sped up as I flew over planets.  I merged my body with a giant star-sized blimp colored as a solar eclipse.  I saw my toilet paper curl up and smile at me.  

November 4, 2018: I have .01042658 BTC in my Electrum wallet.  I took about 90 mg 3-HO-PCP and I climbed a castle wall with my eyes closed.  3-HO-PCP has a slight hangover and cravings the next day, so I probably won't order it again.


November 20, 2018: I have consumed 3-HO-PCE.  25 mg, 25 mg, 25, then 30 more mg at T+3:00.  It is very fiendish as evidenced already.  I am very dissociated.  It was a lot.  It was an effort to type but I feel clearheaded.  I became so fucked up I heard my computer tell me to smoke DMT in Frylock's voice.   And I did.  It was crazy.  I had a conversation with my computer.  I blacked out.   I feel like I've done a million whippets.  I'm still high.  This is 5 hours later. A+. I took some small hits of DMT and it complemented the euphoria very well.  Better than 3-HO-PCP.

November 21, 2018: I took an MDMA pill and about 20 mg 3-HO-PCE.  I read NDMA antagonists can reduce MDMA neurotoxicity.  I feel good and very at peace with myself.  I feel I have not a care in the world.  I have some jaw clench problems.  MDMA really isn't worth it.  I think I'm going to give it up.  I don't have any 5-HTP.  I'll eat eggs to get my tryptophan tomorrow, which will convert to serotonin.  A Digiorno pizza wil have to do for tonight.  MDMA is nice but it isn't really worth it.  There's better drugs than MDMA.  I have 4.5 days until my drug test, but I should be fine.  

November 28, 2018: I took 80 mg 3-HO-PCE and was euphoric but underwhelmed.  If I had been able to smoke weed it would be fantastic.  I smoked DMT at T+6:00 and felt a sort of liquid euphoria shimmering over my eyes.  That was very unique.  This was coupled with the typical whippet euphoria of vibrations.  DMT synergizes very well with dissociatives, but the DMT euphoria is much less present due to anesthesia.  Smoking 20 mg 3-HO-PCE now.  It didn't taste too good, but not too bad either.  Some DMT residue in the pipe hit me and it feels very good; this confirmed the lack of bodily euphoria normally present with DMT.  It does enhance the dissociative euphoria very well though, better than cannabis.  After 10 minutes I don't notice any good effects from smoking 3-HO-PCE.  I feel more dissociated, but the effects don't seem much better than simply eating the drug.  I was hoping for something that hits very fast and hard, but this simply isn't it.  I smoked 30 mg DMT 2 hours after smoking the 3-HO-PCE.  I was listening to Window of My Eyes.  I heard the word "damn" ring in my head about 5 times in a row as if that signal got resent through my body instead of the new information.  The next few words went by very quickly, like 5 times as fast.  Then I heard the word "shine" ring in my head about 5 times like the signal got stuck in a loop again.  It felt weird but it didn't feel bad.  Then I felt extremely euphoric, like I had just woken up into metaphorical heaven.  My open eyed visuals were so strong I saw my blanket on my left turn into a woman, stand up, walk in a circle around the room, and lay down next to me on my right.  I closed my eyes and saw Carl from Aqua Teen Hunger Force pushing an old man in a wheelchair through a door; this was symbolic of the strong part of the trip ending.  All the colors were brighter and more vivid, and my laptop was shining like it was emitting 3 times as much light.

December 1, 2018: I just ate 100 mg 3-HO-PCE in a gel capsule at 11:28.  Here goes nothing.  After 30 minutes I ate 25 more mg 3-HO-PCE straight from the scale.  I'm going all in.  I'm watching season 3 of F is for Family right now.  I got very confused.  I have random colors when I close my eyes.  3-HO-PCE isn't that great, even at high doses.  You know what.  I just want to smoke weed.  I need to move to California.  I should just focus on doing that.  I'd rather smoke weed than try more drugs like 3-HO-PCE.  Weed and whippets are legal.  They're the best.  Why use anything else?  Psychedelics are cool, but my favorite high is legal in California.  I just need to move there.  At T+9:30, I can say I really don't like 3-HO-PCE very much.  It's okay.  It doesn't give me a hangover.  But there's not enough euphoria really.  It's not that great of a dissociative.  I would be extremely reluctant to try 3-HO-X drugs anytime soon considering their negative record, whereas 3-MeO-X drugs have given me good tidings.  3-HO-PCE is best used at lower dosages.  It doesn't give me the euphoria I'm looking for.  I'll use it for my community service lol.

December 5, 2018: I got some more 3-MeO-PCP online.  I snorted 30 mg two days ago and instantly felt the mania: the intense self love and narcissism.  I did it again orally yesterday at 30 mg, but got reduced effects.  I did it again today, 30 mg insufflated, and found the effects to be more pronounced than with the oral route of administration.  I will insufflate from now on.  However, I did notice a tolerance, and it does show up as PCP on a drug test, so I will take long breaks to savor the chemical.  I felt a sort of reverse tolerance with the drug over a year ago.  It must have been something similar to 3-meo-pcp but slightly different, because I haven't had the spontaneous trips 3 days later that I used to.  I remember getting a swirling manic whippet euphoria while sitting in ZBT chapter on Wednesday after having done "3-MeO-PCP" on Saturday.  I would still have pronounced visual effects up to 8 hours after dosing the "3-MeO-PCP."  I remember looking at the grass in the morning and realized I was seeing patterning visuals in it even though the LSD I took had surely worn off.  I had a swirling sensation of vibrating euphoria in my head too.  Whatever I got the first time, it wasn't 3-MeO-PCP, it was something better.  I wish I knew.  I will avoid this batch for a few days to see if it bears any resemblance to the old 3-MeO-PCP.

December 7, 2018: I asked Jonathon for some money today.  I don't know how I'll pay my rent come January 1.  I'm going to try everything I can.  I've insufflated quite a bit of 3-MeO-PCP.  It is my favorite drug alongside marijuana and DOM.  I love the ego reinforcing properties of 3-MeO-PCP.  I was having problems catching my breath today, like when I took LSD and 3-MeO-PCP together back in March.  I've done a lot of 3-MeO-PCP in the past few days, about 80 mg per day nasally.  I think it's caught up to me.  I feel good now, but before I had a very distinct shortness of breath.  It was very strange.  It is hard to control my usage of 3-MeO-PCP, but I love it.  I'm saving about 60 mg for after my next drug test.  I'll play again!  I asked Mark to reduce my 500 community service hours, and I asked Kaitlynn from Verizon if I could start working earlier.  Everything will work out.  Such is the universe.

December 10, 2018: I took a pellet of flunitrazolam today; I got it for free with the 3-MeO-PCP.  I felt very assured of myself and also had trouble walking in a straight line.  I didn't quite have the effects I wanted, so I took the other one.  I was watching the latest Family Guy episode and I remember laughing for about five seconds straight.  Then I fell asleep!  That was it.  

December 13, 2018: I insufflated an eyballed amount of 3-HO-PCE powder.  My desk is rising and falling like I'm in the ocean.  There was a definite slow motion at the peak.  Combined it with 25E-NBOH and it's BEAUTIFUL.  I can see 3D rainbow  people powerlifting on a massive ship beside me in my peripheral vision.  It became a little too intense at times.  I'm glad I had a good foundation on which to hold because the angle at which I'm tping this seems to be changing with every second, like my desk is rotating like it's on a boat and I'm not.  The hallucinations are very real.  It's just a bunch of dudes benching wtf.  That's a cool gym environment.  What if I imagine bikini women on a desert island?  Well there's a circle of smiling rainbow bikini women asking me questions while I'm typing this.  

December 16, 2018: I insufflated 40 mg of 3-MeO-PCP, then 20 mg more an hour later.  I felt good.  A brilliant buzzing euphoria and mania manifested.  After about 4 hours I decided to smoke 15 mg DMT.  It didn't work out too well because with no weed I was using raw papers to sandwich the DMT.  An hour later I decided to smoke about 23 mg of DMT.  I exhaled the smoke and closed my eyes, seeing shiny blue lattices start to form.  "This isn't so bad" I thought.  Then it really kicked in.  I thought I was dying.  This manifested as several voices telling me I was dying and that the 3-MeO-PCP had special properties causing it to react too strongly with DMT.  I was slowly entering into a slowly rotating counterclockwise shining white rectangle.  The further I entered my vision became a white void.  I can't remember most of it.  I tried as hard as I could to stay alive; that was my only thought was to stay alive, despite the voice telling me I was beholding my own glorious death.  It felt very good; I remember being told I had released the DMT in my pineal gland for my final time in this world.  I saw some rendition of my torso and head laying down and the skin quickly disintegrated from my body, leaving only shining red flesh and bone below.  I opened my eyes at some point.  I sat up and moved my hands over my bed, hoping that movement would indicate to my body I should live.  I stood up and walked around.  The experience died down a bit.  Then, Boosie Badazz said, "You thought it was over now?" and the visual and auditory hallucinations kicked right back up again like I had hit more DMT.  Boosie Badazz said something along the lines of "we're finishing this whole thing" even though he doesn't say any of this in the song.  I walked over and saw Breezy all chill and that helped calm me down a little.  I went back to my room and looked at the floor.  I had thrown my blanket onto the floor at some point during the experience and it looked like a spiral galaxy.  I remember thrashing around for some reason which was probably to try to stave alive, so that might have caused me to throw the blanket off the bed.  I picked it up and put it back on the bed.  This was too much.  I prefer DMT with sub-breakthough experiences because I can become terrified during the trip.  I'm going to smoke 10 mg more now.  I barely got effects, possibly because of tolerance or the ineffective vaporization method.  What I can say is that DMT + 3-MeO-PCP is incredible, and there is a good chance you will stand up during the experience because of the stimulating qualities of 3-MeO-PCP.  I smoked DMT once before on 3-MeO-PCP about a week ago and I stood up during the experience that time too, but the effects were very similar to 3-HO-PCE + DMT besides the stimulation.  Vibrating euphoria.  A+.

December 17, 2018: I insufflated 35 mg 3-HO-PCE.  Then, one hour later, I insufflated 35 more.  I smoked 13 mg DMT and it was nice but underwhelming.  I'm pretty dissociated I gotta say, I mostly feel it in my face being numb and cold.  3-HO-PCE sucks.  I will never buy this again.

December 22, 2018: Never has it felt so good to sit down.  Like the king christening a throne.  I sat down on my white throne and saw a white mist absorbing into me, like I levelled my chairsitting skill to infinity.  In slow motion, I heard the Skyrim leveling sound play 1000 times as I sank into the chair's comfort.  Wow.  This is like a fallout terminal to me.  My trip is if i ami in Skyrim.  I watched two slaves carry the table upstairs to where I sit now.  Slaves are attending me as I  speak.  I'm still tripping.  I'm going to play Skyrim now though.  
Here I sit.  I took 35 mg 3=HO-PCE along with 2 hits 1200 ug 25E-NBOH.  I took the two tabs at T+1:00 hour, after I was dissociating.  I remember I played Window of my Eyes the whole trip.  It was like I did a whole rpg quest thing for like 2 hours straight.  I remember seeing the white Skyrim logo with red dots strewn throughout it, then it multiplied into a bajillion of those, signifying me fighting a ton of enemies.  I cast an inferno to defeat the small dragon that was my blue blanket.  Slow motion was happening randomly.  I could see a blizzard blowing through my room.  My dragon guardian is my blue blanket.  As I type this a swirl of blue wizards have surrounded me and are attending to my books and things.  I finished Skyrim with 31 hours playtime, and while it was cool, I am underwhelmed with the story's ending.  My mom's christmas cookies recipe: green food coloring, rice crispy cereal, marshmallows, sugar, red cinnamon candies.

December 25, 2018: I finished the first Skyrim DLC, Dawnguard.  It was all right.  I also just overclocked my laptop display to 62 Hz!  63 Hz causes graphical glitches (yellow line at the bottom), and 65 won't output anything to the display.  Pretty cool.

December 26, 2018: I insufflated 40 mg 3-MeO-PCP and ate what what was left in the bag.  I am high as hell.  I feel like I have upgraded my skill in Skyrim.  I feel a buzzing euphoria approaching.  
I got pretty high.  I had a good time playing Skyrim but I wish I had concentrated on the feeling a little more before playing Skyrim.

December 27, 2018: I finished playing Skyrim in 66 hours.  I finished the Winterhold quests, the main quests, the two DLC Dawnguard and Dragonborn, and I visited almost all the locations on the map.  

December 28, 2018: Godot Prophet Launcher performance sits at 210 fps at 2000 score using queue_free() and instance() for every enemy.  Using enemy pooling (reuse of instances with an array), I average 150 fps.  I'm not doing pooling anymore.

December 29, 2018: I took about my last 1.5 mg 25E-NBOH with 60 mg 3-HO-PCE about an hour before that.  The effects of both syngergized into something more powerful than both could deliver alone.  I blacked out for an hour. I also remember intense visuals from 6 hours after that with mild visuals for 3 more after that.  I smoked weed at about T+12:00 and intense visuals came back.  The drug began to remind me a little of DCK in how visual it was compared to 3-MeO-PCP, my primary recent dissociative.  3-MeO-PCP does not really manifest visuals even with weed and at high doses.  I still rate 3-MeO-PCP better and more comfortable overall.    Here I am at T+24:00 after sleep, and I smoked weed again.  I'm baked.

January 3, 2019: I've managed to boost Prophet Launcher's fps at 2000 score to about 260 fps.  That's a 25% increase over what I had previously.  I added an AMOLED background to Prophet Launcher.  It looks pretty cool and should save a good bit of battery life with all the black pixels.  
I took 50 mg of 3-HO-PCE and smoked weed December 30.  That was a nice and visual time that was reminiscent of racemic ketamine.  Visuals were colorful repeating patterns; the only thing I remember is a bunch of light blue triangles spinning around.  I didn't really get the vibrating whippet like euphoria I got from 3-HO-PCP or 3-MeO-PCP, however, even though I got that briefly with my first ever dose of 3-HO-PCE at 30 mg.  I about to try snorting 16 mg DMT.  I barely got any effect, although the initial burn was hell.  I saw the faint appearance of rainbow teeth when I closed my eyes.  It took 15 minutes to finish coming up and lasted for about 30 minutes.  I think when I took some DMT off my scale it messed up the calculation.  I think I actually insufflated no more than 10 mg.  
I'm going to snort 40 mg of DMT next, but not tonight.  I'm tired as I've been awake 14 hours!

January 5, 2019: I've eaten 30 mg 3-HO-PCE.  At T+1:00, I ate 30 mg more.  I am buzzing decently hard at T+2:00.  I'm going to test the limits of 3-HO-PCE and dose higher.  I ate a third dose of 30 mg at T+2:15.  I took Breezy out and it was very nice.  I snorted the DMT and it was like smoking it with 3-HO-PCE.  I blacked the fuck out.  
Well, at T+5:30 I took another 30 mg of 3-HO-PCE.  It is T+7:20 and I am snorting 30 mg DMT.  I am real time typing this after snorting. I feel really good.  I see blue cubes emanating from my computer screen.  It was a standard DMT trip except the 3-HO-PCE definitely affects the visuals and yields anesthesia.  I've killed 30 flies with my bare hands in the past week.  I have a fly problem in this house, but I don't know where.  I can only hope they will die off soon.

January 9, 2019: I've had a successful first few days at Verizon Connect, although I'm still waiting on access to Amazon Web Services.  I've killed 45 flies now so far.  I fear I will have to use my blood-stained one dollar bill to ride MARTA tomorrow as I never realized the fare is $2.50 (not $2.00) until this evening.  I borrowed $200 from Ketan today so I didn't have to use my special dollar!

January 15, 2019: I went to sleep after only drinking a protein shake, so I was still hungry.  My dream is as follows.  I awake in the middle of the night to see Tyre in my Solace apartment living room, demolishing a half a whole bar of pepperjack cheese in his mouth (in like 100 ms I might add) and tossing the rest to the far wall.  I shout, approach, and knee him in the stomach right in the doorway to my room.  We both hit the ground from the momentum.  I then proceed to punch him in the face.  Then, I wake up in real life as I punched myself in the thigh after sleeping for only like 15 minutes.  I fail to go back to sleep and go to the gym on 3.5 hours of sleep, then go to work.  A good day, albeit with little sleep.

January 17, 2019: My Prophet Launcher fps at 2000 score is now at 290 fps (on PC).  That's about a 12% increase over what I had two weeks ago.  Dream market order: order 1 oz from CaptainCannabis; LSD - BlackbirdSupplys.

January 19, 2019: I plugged 55 mg 3-HO-PCE at 10:00 to disappointing effects - a mild sense of dissociation from the world arround me coupled with an ever so slight drifting of visuals.  At T+2:00, I ate 85 mg for a total of 140 mg.  I once ate 120 mg and was disappointed.  So screw it; I'm going to eat 20 more mg I have right now at T+2:15 to make a total of 160 mg.  I played some really intense games of Rainbow Six Siege where things were drifting a lot.  Not much else happened.  I can see simple geometry drifting ever so slowly in my field of vision.  3-HO-PCE is boring compared to other dissos. I have 35 mg of DMT!  I am going to smoke it tomorrow!

January 20, 2019: Prophet Launcher update notes: Add worldwide score leaderboards database.  Add player name feature.  Add shadow enemy.  Add player hit graphic and sound effects.  Add Flame Rifle damage gradient.  Change Flame Rifle bullet sprite.  Add strike and flame sound effects.  Update Godot Engine to 3.1.  Optimizations and bug fixes.  

January 23, 2019: Getting $3400 my first paycheck for 3 weeks of work!  Orders:
http://lchudifyeqm4ldjj.onion/viewProduct?offer=467002.408425 - Weed
/viewProduct?offer=339569.503484 - LSD
/viewProduct?offer=823017.266386 - MXE
/viewProduct?offer=393840.976487 - 3-MeO-PCP

January 25, 2019: I just got Battlefield V for $30.  My Rainbow Six Siege controls are 23(ADS)/28(Normal) sensitivity, or 82.14% ADS.  However, Rainbow Six Siege has a built in multiplier, so it was actually about 32% ADS.

January 26, 2019: Created a MySQL database for my Prophet Launcher high scores.
CREATE TABLE scores (name VARCHAR(20), score int(11));
I also changed the password because it was corrupted.
UPDATE user SET authentication_string=password('woodyfence') WHERE user='root';

January 27, 2019: Change of plans.  I'm not going to get a prescription.  Fuck that.  I hate answering to anyone, especially someone far away like a doctor.  Could mandate drug tests or counseling.  Fuck that.  I'm ordering 2.5 g amphetamine sulphate.  I accidentally didn't buy enough bitcoin for shipping, so I had to pay $.99 extra to Coinbase on my second bitcoin purchase.  Jews!  Then I sent it to my Tails wallet first instead of my Windows wallet.  Damn.  It's fine, I needed to upgrade Tails anyway, which will give me a new Electrum installation fixing my synchornization issue!  I'll do it on my next purchase (I say this every time, but for real this time).
/viewProduct?offer=606629.614366

January 29, 2019: I've got an ounce of weed and 100 hits of acid now.  My weightlifting stuff is almost here.  I'm going to the CRC one last time in a few minutes.

February 2, 2019: I've just had three hits of LSD rated at 115 mcg.  I've got 97 left.  Let's see what happens now when I keep smoking this weed.  Wow I got super high.  I stayed smoking the whole day.  I was still tripping seeing rainbow morphing visuals at T+9:00, even though I was barely seeing any visuals at T+1:00.

February 3, 2019: I've drunk a purple sweet-tarts flavored Monster, eaten 12 Krispy Kreme donuts and a bag of miniature Reeses and a bag of Watermelon sour patch kids.  I'm stoned.  

February 8, 2019: I'm helping Sama Doh with the Secuur.Co app again.  Bug fixing this time.  He promised me a stake in the company.  I'm going to order this stuff from the dark web:
MXE: http://ptlsz6dxboul2u3z.onion/viewProduct?offer=823017.266386
3-MeO-PCP: /viewProduct?offer=393840.976487

Februrary 9, 2019: I had decided to order MDA yesterday, but since taking amphetamine for the first time since August 8, I have decided against ordering any serotonin releasing agents for health reasons.  I must use the vilpac Dream URL because the market servers are being DDOSed. Prophet Launcher has achieve 320 average FPS at 2000 total score!  That's a 10.3% increase over my last optimization.  I'm going to start recording my start score for simplicity.  My start fps here was 438.  I took 6 hits of acid today.  I also did about 150 hits of nitrous oxide.  I smoked weed all day.  I was in absolute blissful stupor for hours on end.  Still, it cost so much money.  I can get a g of K for $40 and that's 10 hours ($4/hour) of good time right there.  With 30 hits per hour, that's 5 hours of high time for $75 at $15/hour.  Nitrous oxide is 3.75 times more expensive.   

February 12, 2019: I'm buying 1 g "S+" isomer ketamine from the USA today.  I already bought MXE and 3-MeO-PCP, but I don't want to wait so long to get high now that I can't smoke due to drug testing.  It should be here Friday - 3 days!
/viewProduct?offer=526536.361585

February 13, 2019: My Tails 3.12 Electrum address (second) is 
14mPjiv8xQV8N9eSAjG9e8CXRJChxPBeqX
I'm saving it here because everything incriminating is already here but not trasmitted across the internet.  I just paid $920 for bitcoin at 3580 $/BTC.  It's a long term investment of mine. 

February 14, 2019: I'm doing computer vision projects at work which is pretty fun to work on. I've detected faces using OpenCV.  I've doubled my bitcoin mining rate to $.63 per day on one computer and $.09 on the other now by switching to third party miners.  That's $.72 total, ~100% higher than before across all income sources.  My income from bitcoin could be so much higher though, if the price goes back up again!

February 16, 2019: I just sniffed 52 mg of MXE.  I took 345 mcg LSD 8 hours ago.  I'm feeling pretty good now.  Good stuff.

February 17, 2019: I took 250 mg caffeine via preworkout and also plugged 50 mg MXE.  Then I worked out.  My military press I only got 2/5 reps at 165 pounds.  However, I did deadlift 5 reps of 320 pounds and pullup 5 reps of 57.5 pounds.  Not too bad!  My poor performance on military press might be due to the MXE comeup.

February 18, 2019: I just plugged about 20 mg DMT and 3 mg MXE leftover in the plugging cup.  I should be getting pretty high soon.  I did not get much effect unfortunately.  It seems to be less than half as potent as smoking.

February 19, 2019: I got the ketamine today.  It was shit.  It was like 33% potency and it was racemic rather than S+ isomer.  I'm done buying shitty drugs.  This "DOM" I have on the way also has complaints.  Time will tell if it is legitimate.  I posted on Dread asking where to find actual S+ isomer ketamine; hopefully someone can help.  On my buy list: Weed, 3-MeO-PCP, DMT.  I can vape DMT on days in which I can't vape weed.  I tested positive for amphetamine and THC three days after my last smoke session (with LSD and MXE!).  The top DMT vendor for the USA is on vacation so I'm going to wait until he gets back.  I'm going to order 112g weed and 10g 3-MeO-PCP for ~$1350.  It's a lot but it's worth the investment.  I'm going to wait on this batch of 3-MeO-PCP before I order such a large quantity.  I don't want a repeat of this ketamine or that 3-HO-PCE.  I'm going to test the 3-MeO-PCP first.  However, I am confident it will be good quality.
/viewProduct?offer=620670.854057
/viewProduct?offer=928124.132020

February 20, 2019: I just snorted 450 mg of that shitty racemic ketamine.  It feels like I've snorted 1/5 of that amount.  That's some old bullshit.  Never trust vendors.

<amp quit day> February 21, 2019: I got two Tyga x Shine vapes for the price of one!  I paid for the dry herb and they gave me a wax vape for free!!!  I just plugged about 145 mg MXE.  I jacked off for ~30 minutes and here I am.  It's been about 50 minutes and I see blue boxes forming and rotating as I type.  This MXE seems to be ~33% potency unfortunately.  When I plugged 30 mg of the stuff I had before I breathed my blue fire aura out of my mouth when I smoked weed.  I plugged like 50 mg of that stuff and I saw a rainbow Volcarona Pokemon.  MXE was interesting but I don't think I'll get it again unless I can find some pure stuff.  DCK was good too.  I remember seeing purple-blue flower textures growing in the snow after plugging 30 mg.  I remember raising a massive rainbow A bigger than Mount Everest and standing atop it in the blackness of my mind with my eyes closed on the phone with Sama.  I felt intense ocular pressure.  DCK also gave me a stutter after only a few days of usage.  Both very visual dissociative drugs.  3-MeO-PCP is my favorite though!

February 22, 2019: I took 8 hits (920 ug) LSD and about 45 mg Methoxetamine.  Swirling rainbow tendrils of beauty swarmed from the ceiling and encompassed me: love.  Time is dilated quite a bit here too. 

February 26, 2019: I took about 40 mg 3-MeO-PCP that came in today.  It's great.  I'm going to get 100 grams.  I'll just keep this knowledge exclusive to me.  I texted Jordan about it.  Why?  It was pointless.  I should communicate about drugs as little as possible.

March 1, 2019: I took 70 mg of 3-MeO-PCP yesterday over the course of four hours.  My last dose was at about 5 pm.  I woke up seeing rainbow structures as open eyed visuals at 4 am.  I woke up at 8 am and it was like I had taken a tab of acid.  I had to go to work too!  This is that good stuff mayne.

March 3, 2019: Yesterday I took 3 hits of acid and 35 mg 3-MeO-PCP.   After 4 hours, I redosed 25 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  After 4 more hours, I redosed 25 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  After 4 more hours, I redosed 25 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  I was so fucked up I barely remember any of it.  I remember laying down in bed an witnessing a rainbow hurricane, a storm.  I remember coming out of a loop drinking some water and realizing I was drinking the water to try and get high.  Tyre banged on my window and door trying to get some stuff he left here and I thought it was the police.  I stayed quiet and pet Breezy sitting in my chair until I forgot about the invisible police.  Time was extremely dilated at the peak.  It was beautiful but overly intense.  I'm still very dissociated today.  I took 2 scoops of preworkout and I'm about to go ham.  I've taken about 75 mg total of 3-MeO-PCP.  This is incredible.

March 8, 2019: I've been tripping every day, especially when I smoke weed.  This is due to the 3-MeO-PCP still in my system.  Wow.  My upper lip will get especially numb just like when I'm on whippets.  It even happened today while I was on the train coming back from work.

March 9, 2019: I toook 3 hits LSD and 30 mg 3-meo-pcp.  I got so fucked up.  I jacked off for like an hour straight in my bed.  I don't remember much of this trip.  I stopped doing amphetamine starting March 7.  I can feel the addiction creeping in and I do not wish to tread farther.  I will touchdown maybe a month later.  I will enjoy some coffee in the meantime.  

March 10, 2019: I am still too high but I thought I was dying when I took 30 mg 3-MeO-PCP and then 30 mg more.  I'm just going to smoke weed now.  Fuck everything else.  I'ma just smoke weed mostly now.  I'm good.  This 3-MeO-PCP is too potent.  I thought I was dying for a few hours.  I was gasping for breath for 30 minutes like Artyom with no gas mask in Metro Exodus.  Wtf.  I must restrict my usage of this substance very much so.  This was too much.  This trip was very difficult.  It felt like my body was shutting down and dying.  I was rolling the dice when I was trying to pee in the toilet.  The slow motion was crazy.   If I have ever graced the face of death it was there.  It is too powerful and unpredictable.  I must tread with caution now, especially since it stays in my body for far too long.  I swear I almost died many times during the experience.  This "3-MeO-PCP" that stays in your system for weeks and is super psychedelic is very powerful and very dangerous.  I must tread with caution.  15 mg increments instead of 30.  This 3-MeO-PCP turned my screen into a book.  I witnessed anything my mind imagined with great clarity.  

March 16, 2019: Okay I'm on 335 ug LSD and I've done 3-MeO-PCP at 20 mg every 2 hours.  I think my problem last week was my rapid intake of large amounts of the drug at one time.  I took 60 mg over 2 hours.  That's absurd.  If I had even waited like 3 hours instead of 2.  Whatever.  My new rule is 20 mg increments rather than 30 mg increments like before.  Redose as appropriate.

March 20, 2019: Fixed Osama EndTimer on Prophet Launcher.  Added sound effects for flame and strike.  Released version 3.0 on Google Play.  I took 37 mg 3-MeO-PCP + weed after work.  The walls are moving and segmenting into rainbow matrices.

March 23, 2019: I just took a 5 mg DOM blotter plugged.  T+1:15 - The experience is slowly coming on.  I've had visuals since about 30 minutes in.  Unconfortable vasoconstriction for about 30 minutes but I just walked around on my bed.  Slight nausea but it looks to be fading.  At T+1:30 I'm feeling very good.  Still slight vasoconstriction in my feet.  Heart rate is 85 bpm so I'm doing well all around.  I'm going to plug 12 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  T+3:30 - I forgot how uncomfortable the psychedelic comeup can be.  I think I'm almost finished coming up.  T+4:00 - I just dosed 115 ug LSD and 11 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  I took 27 mg more 3-MeO-PCP.

March 25, 2019: I was sick as hell today.  I think I might have had a bad time with the DOM because of slight amphetamine withdrawal and a growing illness.  I've been sneezing yellow shit since I woke up. I took melatonin last night and that gave me some great relief.  I think when I wake up tomorrow I will be fine.  I was going to work out but that's not really possible right now.  

March 26, 2019: Man last year was crazy.  I was just on r/researchchemicals and responded to a post about a guy who lost his mind from bingeing dissos.  I went through >10 grams 3-MeO-PCP, >250 mg 3-MeO-PCE, >50 mg O-PCE, 2.5 grams DCK, 1 gram MXE, >5 grams racemic ketamine, 1 gram S-ketamine, >100 tabs 200ish ug LSD, 2 grams DMT, 500 mg heroin (never again lol such a garbage drug), >3/4 pound weed, 6.5 grams MDMA, 2 grams MDA, >4 grams amphetamine sulphate. I did all this in a 7 month time frame. The only thing that made me absolutely lose it was the amphetamine sulphate. God damn ADHD.

March 30, 2019: FUCK GINGERS!  I took some ginger with my 335 mcg LSD and 25 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  Bad times.  Fuck GINGERS.  It's a 5ht3 antagonist.  I'm now using my former Ginger container as my abv jar.

March 31, 2019: I'm on 30 mg 3-MeO-PCP and I worked out earlier.  I posted this on reddit.  Maybe people will downvote me for my terminology. Everything psychological is physical, down to the atom and beyond. Video games and marijuana are psychologically addicting. Sugar, amphetamine, 3-MeO-PCP, alcohol, and heroin are physically addicting. You will experience withdrawal even after one use. Some physical withdrawal symptoms are painful, like amphetamine head pain and heroin stomach cramps and itches. Some physical withdrawal symptoms are easily manageable, like sugar or 3-MeO-PCP. Some physically addicting drugs can make you physically dependent on them to survive, notably GABA drugs like alcohol and Xanax. You can die from the withdrawal from those drugs. I hope now everything is clear.

April 6, 2019: I've taken 335 ug LSD and 60 mg 3-MeO-PCP over 7 hours.  I feel good, but I still have a bit of the "gingivitus."  That ginger fucked me up for sure.  It seems it will take time to repair such damages.  Next week any negative effects should be imperceivable.  Dream Market is going away so suddenly... Here is Nightmare Market:
http://nightmareocykhgs.onion/
http://4cbzfahdsos2v6os.onion/
http://7ur4yaruaxu3ilhi.onion/
http://azmkio2bzgx53vle.onion/
I have changed account names to homiesoverhoes for security purposes.

April 8, 2010:  I'm getting MDA.
http://nightmareocykhgs.onion/listing/3431/b3931453c65c0a2852fa81f75f962c77/description

April 10, 2019: It's been 1 month since I ordered the 3-MeO-PCP, and it looks like customs might be fucking me.  RN112365669NL and RN325953876NL are the tracking numbers.

April 13, 2019: I plugged 140 mg MDA and took 230 ug LSD.  Good stuff.  T+5:00: plugged 15 mg 3-MeO-PCP while feeling like shit.  T+8:00 Plugged 20 mg 3-MeO-PCP still feeling like shit.  Smoked lots of weed.  The 2 hours of euphoria are dwarfed by the comedown.  Uncertain if taking 5-HTP is wise at T+11:00,  I eat 200 mg 5-HTP because the MDA has drained me of my soul.  It has worked well I think.  T+12:00 and I still feel like shit?  I'm going to eat another 5-HTP.  MDA is nice for making me not give a fuck about anything.  But it isn't worth the comedown...T+12:30 I am taking 20 mg more 3=MeO-PCP.  The MDA comedown is so bad I threw the rest in the trash.  I don't want to ever do it again.  I had some amazingly detailed visuals as expected.  But it is not worth the trouble.  I won't ever do serotonin releasing agents again.  It's not worth it.  SRA and DRI drugs are not for me.

April 16, 2019: USAConnect has alleged S-isomer ketamine.

April 22, 2019: User BigUps has domestic 3-MeO-PCP; I just got 5 grams.  Wall Street Market is fucked, so I may have to contact him by Wickr to see which market to which he will switch.  User morning_light had DOM on Dream.
Wickr: bigups4real
Weed: http://oaj4azj6wtxhlojk.onion/product/28230/73/158108
2C-T-7: http://oaj4azj6wtxhlojk.onion/Product_List/setTab/36235/118/151366/

May 1, 2019: Landlord complaints: David blocked number for at least 9 days and claimed it to be an accident.  Leak above stove for 4 months.  No AC on move-in and still 1 month with no AC after notification.  I just bought my own portable AC unit with a window exhaust tube.  Aw yea.  Can't trust these damn landlords to not take 5 months to get me a damn AC or fix a leak.

May 2, 2019: I'm moving to Empire market and discontinuing my old online identity I got from Josh. 
http://dreadditevelidot.onion/

May 8, 2019: I just plugged 120 mg 2F-DCK and then 100 mg again 20 minutes later.  I want to hole.  I have a massive tolerance from using 3-MeO-PCP every day so idk how well this will work.  I have visuals when I close my eyes!  I must save some of this for Saturday!  I'm about to shave and cook after this trip; it's 6:00 now and I think 9:00 is a good time to start cooking.  Okay I plugged 108 mg and 125 mg more.  That's 453 mg in 80 minutes!  Also, I just got an AC on Friday!  It's glorious!  I've got to watch Wolf of Wall Street again.  It's been a while, so I'll watch it Friday.  Some geometric visuals.  Lots of numbing.  I saw rainbow and real cars on a street.  I saw the rainbow Nazis walking to the left and doing the heil Hitler salute.  I see a number counting down.  The experience isn't really that great.  I feel great but it's not even as good as racemic ketamine.  It has already faded to just small blobs of color.  The magical aspect found in MXE, DCK, and ketamine is absent here.  I was still bored on this drug, so it isn't very good.  The potency sucked; I got it from the same dude I got my last batch of shitty ketamine.  Still, I got a moderate high that didn't feel very special.

May 26, 2018.  I have taken 10 mg DOM and 8 mg 3-MeO-PCP at the same time.  This was too much.  Next time, I'll take 10 mg DOM but save the 3-MeO-PCP for later.  I took 115 ug LSD at T+13:00.  It is now T+17:00.  I have been so fucked up this whole time.  I just took 18 mg more 3-MeO-PCP.  Also, I've got Juug and darkweb weed and I've mixed them.  :)  I'm fucking baked.

May 27, 2018: I took 200 mg caffeine six-star preworkoutat about 5:00 this morning.  I only could do 4 reps military press of 165 pounds.  I quit and went to sleep.  I have gotten too high.  I some preworkout at 11:45.  I took 8 mg 3-MeO-PCP orally with no capsule at 1:00.  I don't know how I suspected it would work but it did.  I did all my exercises normally then. Low dose 3-4 mg 3-MeO-PCP and preworkout might be the best best.  I left my phone when I exited in an Uber at like 5:30.  I snorted ~32 mg 3-MeO-PCP at like 5:45.  I got my phone back from the Uber driver at like 7:00. Here I am.  I'm baked as fuck and dissoed out.  I suspect insuflating the 3-MeO-PCP is the best ROA.  FUCK ME.  It's super potent.  I'm going to be okay although I'm a bit short of breath and everything is vibrating really hard.  I'm shaking a lot.  This stuff is potent.  I fucked up.  I should only snort like 15 mg.  It's much more potent snorted.  Fuck me.  This batch is strong.  The Polish batch fucked me up yo.  I'm buzzing hard worrying about my safety but it seems I'll be fine.  Lol.  

June 1, 2019: I can bench 315.  I'm doing pretty well.  I've taken 335 ug 
LSD with 22 mg 3-MeO-PCP plugged.  Redosed another 22.  Here I am and I'm fucked up.  Seeing so much rainbow shit that sounds like rick and fucking morty because I've been watching it.  

June 8, 2019: I messed up my right shoulder again by jerking my shoulders around to stretch them.  I just took 37 mg capped 2C-B and 12 mg plugged 3-MeO-PCP.  I can feel my body resonating with energy right now after 16 minutes.  2C-B fills my whole body with orgasmic sensations.  It feels so good.  I took 20 mg more 3-MeO-PCP plugged.  I took 115 ug LSD and 30 mg 2C-B.  That got me too fucked up.  My head hurts.  I'm going to be okay but I won't repeat such things again.  No redosing, and keep the 3-MeO-PCP to < 10 mg.  The synergy with 3-MeO-PCP is much greater with 2C-B than with LSD.  

June 9, 2019: Patch notes for the next Prophet Launcher release 3.1, which will be submitted to Steam store and showcased on r/Godot:
Graphical enhancements
Sound updates
Balancing updates
Bug fixes and optimizations

June 13, 2019: I'm working on edtreks.org as a non-profit for my 500 hours community service bullshit.  I'm using wordpress so it's drag and drop really.
CREATE TABLE edtreks (name VARCHAR(20), email VARCHAR(20));

June 28, 2019: Here's part of a Reddit comment I just wrote.  I just gave up amphetamine sulphate a few days ago.  I'm on 3-MeO-PCP.  I just smoked weed after quitting for four days for that court drug test.  

I've been looking for a non-addictive substitute to amphetamine sulphate so I don't have to go through withdrawal and cycle it every few months. Given DOM hits a lot of norepinephrine receptors, and LSD hits a lot of dopamine receptors, I thought combining them might work. Through my experiments, I have found this my hypothesis was incorrect.

I've tried 40 different drugs now, most of them dissos and psychs, and I can say the only thing that works for me is amphetamine sulphate, and it absolutely has to be dextro and levo amphetamine. I keep trying psychedelics and dissos because I love them so much, and I also hope I could possibly find a drug that doesn't give me withdrawal and works for me. I really wanted 3-MeO-PCP to work for me just based on how it made me feel, and it doesn't give me withdrawal, but it doesn't work for my ADHD either.

Fuckin' ADHD man. Always creeping up on me. As soon as I give up amphetamine sulphate, my soul is wrenched from my body. It returns after about a week, stronger and more whole than ever. Yet I am involuntarily resolved to slowly wither away to fragments of what used to be, both in executive function and in death.

July 1, 2019: I saw two laptops on 70 mg 3-MeO-PCP and weed.  I saw my laptop be a panda!  My wall turned into a mirror.  

July 6, 2019: 335 ug LSD and 75 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm high.  I just got back from the gas station for my Hershey Reeses Pieces Bar and my Vitamin Water Ice (blueberry-lavender 20 calories erythritol).  I had a full rainbow crowd cheering for me to do plunge more 3-MeO-PCP into my ass like it was my fucking presidential inauguration. 

July 8, 2019: I feel like writing about my grandmother.  Once I asked her what's 9x9 and she said 90, so I wrote that as my answer for my kindergarten homework.  Lol.  She was very sweet.  She was an ammunition factory worker during the Hitler regime.  She fled Germany to the USA when she got sick and faced imprisonment for not working.  I miss my mom lol.  Weird.  I haven't missed her in a while.  But I still do.  I too am mortal.  I am 23.  Overall, my life is getting better and better.  Even in age, I don't care.  I'm just going to keep smoking weed the rest of my life, I know that yo.  Weed is the answer.  

sama@secuur.co
samadoh1

July 24, 2019: 
I was only 9 years old.
I loved Garfield so much, I had all the merchandise and movies.
I pray to Garfield every night, thanking him for the life Ive been given. Garfield is love I say, Garfield is life."
My dad hears me and calls me a faggot. I knew he was just jealous of my devotion to Garfield.
I called him a cunt.
He hits me and sends me to sleep.
I'm crying now and my face hurts.
I lay in bed, really cold. I feel something warm...
It's Garfield! I was so happy.
He whispers in my asscrack "This is my lasagna."
He grabs me with his Gartacles, and puts me on my hands and knees. I'm ready.
I spread my ass cheeks for Garfield.
He penetrates my asshole.
It hurts so much, but I do it for Garfield. I can feel my asscrack tearing and eyes watering.
I want to please Garfield.
He roars a mighty roar as he fills my ass with his love.
My dad walks in.
Garfield looks him straight in the eye and says,
"I'm sorry Jon."
Garfield leaves through my window.
"Garfield is love," I say. "Garfield is life."

August 2, 2019: 112g New York City Diesel, 4-HO-MET, Mescaline.

August 3, 2019: Two hits LSD and some 3-MeO-PCP.  I finished watching Chaos;Head again and I wrote some lyrical ideas:

Fuck where you from what whatcha know my (a) nigga
Stare down rounds where's some dope my (a) nigga.
__ I ain't scared of shit,
I'ma hit that that with a whip

Where's my noreprinephrine a my nigga 
Talking bout a dopamine real my nigga,
Serotonin spin that wheel my nigga,
N M D A MOTHAFUCKA (A) (A)


I will live FOREVER(A)(A)(A) like in Vengeance

August 6, 2019: I have now realized that in Borderlands 2, Pandora is a metaphor for the player.  I am Pandora.  Handsome Jack is the part of me that demands happiness.  I defeated the Warrior harnessed by Jack

August 11, 2019: There is evidence sigma 1 receptor agonists promote neurogenesis. 3-MeO-PCP is a relatively selective NDMA antagonist, sigma 1 receptor agonist, and serotonin reuptake inhibitor.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28990373
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22288409
I have seen it mentioned that the sigma 2 receptor site agonism enhances the neurotoxicity of meth. I know PCP and 3-MeO-PCE are sigma 2 receptor agonists, and I felt a definite lethargy the next day after using 3-MeO-PCE which I don't get from using 3-MeO-PCP. I have not yet tried PCP so I can't comment much on that one.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3137201/
There is evidence sigma 1 receptor agonists prevent methamphetamine induced dopamine dysfunction, outlined in the above and below research, further supporting the nootropic hypothesis.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5738444/
I truly believe 3-MeO-PCP to be a very beneficial chemical if used correctly. I've started bookmarking research and grouping it into folders so I can reference it later.

August 17, 2019: I feel like Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer leading my sleigh.  That joke is funny.  I tried 30 mg 4-HO-MET and 8 mg 3-MeO-PCP and it was incredible.  I could hear myself in my head and it visually manifested as Ichigo from Bleach talking to me in all his forms which was weird because I haven't watched that show in like 5 years.  I was somewhat conscious here and I could control the visuals.  I remember a river of diamond chains enveloping me at the peak.  I think I was close to whiting out actually.  This drug feels kinda like a cross between DOM and DMT.  That makes 41 drugs on the list up there.  Mescaline is going to be #42 funny enough.  I'm very curious about mescaline.

August 23, 2019: I've been nauseous for weeks.  That comes with lots of amphetamine cravings.  It's subsiding though.  I still get the extreme nausea and cravings every time I take caffeine.  I should cut out the caffeine.  I'm going to try working out with just 3-MeO-PCP.  I think this can work as a good preworkout.  I'm going to take 5 mg of 3-MeO-PCP and try to lift on Monday.  I'm on 36 mg 3-MeO-PCP total today.  I went to work and everything.  I've been thinking girls are hitting on me, but I think it's all in my head.  I asked Vi to dinner but she said she has a boyfriend.  I know Teja is married.  But I still think she's hitting on me.  

August 25, 2019: I just tried Mescaline.  The visuals were very realistic instead of cartoonish, and I had lots of plots and scenarios with my eyes closed laying down.  I was at  work and girls were talking to me.  The visuals were detailed like DOM, but I didn't a take a ton of mescaline.  Only 400 mg.  The nausea was horrible.  For most of the experience I was nauseous, and at about hour 3, I puked.  I don't really want to do mescaline again.  It didn't feel very healthy.   Now I'm on 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm feeling pretty good.  My withdrawal is fading away, and I am fading in, but only to fade away.  Every day I'm feeling better, so that's good.  Yep.  Just typing.  Mining bitcoin still.  Making money.  I'm still advertising Prophet Launcher when I play Rainbow Six.  

August 30, 2019: The amphetamine withdrawal from when I accidentally took it ~4 weeks ago hit me today at work around 3 pm today, right on time for when I took it.  I only waited like a month before taking it two days in a row, and I got kicked back into awful withdrawal, a cumulative withdrawal!  At work, I became soulless, self-berating...  I was even on 3-MeO-PCP and I had smoked before work.  I saw dark magician girl running up to me to try to save me.  I saw myself literally unwinding in a spiral (viewed from above).  I couldn't focus and I could barely understand anything.  I cried very slightly at work, despite my best attempts to avoid this.  I saw a long rainbow dragon with a flaming head and it said to me, "I cannot stop this.  You wrought this upon yourself."  Then he vanished.  And that was when the withdrawal started to climax.  It's 8:54, I benched 335 pounds, and I still feel a little withdrawn...  Oh well.  I just need time.  I'm going to take MDMA on my birthday!  I'm going to try to get some from the dark web.  

September 1, 2019: 3-MeO-PCP is great on the comedown of MDMA. The roll kinda picks back up again. Yesterday I did 2 hits of LSD and plugged copious amounts of 3-MeO-PCP. I woke up this morning still so high on 3-MeO-PCP I had rainbow OEV. I took the MDMA this morning and it made me feel lots of things for a few hours. I plugged 25 mg 3-MeO-PCP 7.5 hours after dosing MDMA and I became rejuvenated. The visuals are pretty strong. Lots of tracers. I can still see and feel beautiful rainbow girls fucking me. I plan to take some 5-HTP before bed and some more in the morning. What a wonderful experience. I've done nitrous and MDMA together before and I was very much impressed. This is nice. I took the 3-MeO-PCP so late because the SRI properties had me worried. I'm glad the day is going well.  I think it would be unwise to take lots of MDMA and 3-MeO-PCP at the same time. And now I have no more MDMA. Time to smoke and save my serotonin for a few months out.

September 2, 2019: I'm going to focus on work and making money now.  I took some MDMA I got from Chuku and it was pretty lit.  He told me to take half, so I took just over half of a pill.  It was pretty psychedelic.  

September 3, 2019: I haven't written this down yet but it is necessary.  Amphetamine sulphate tricks my mind into blaming everything except amphetamine for my problems to get me to take more amphetamine!  Like when I was super paranoid and heard "you want your molly don't you?" in my head at night the day after doing MDMA, even though MDMA wouldn't make me paranoid.

September 5, 2019: It seems the optimal solution might be to take amphetamine M-F for 2-3 weeks every 4+ months.  Then use 3-MeO-PCP and weed for the withdrawal.  LSD on the weekends.  MDMA once every 3+ months.  No MDA because it just doesn't sit right with me.  The MDMA really seemed to fix something in me.  Dosing 3-MeO-PCP 7-8 hours after the MDMA is good.  5-HTP is good about 12 hours after the MDMA or before I sleep, but it's best to take MDMA in the morning so I can enjoy it the whole day.  The bulk of the experience is over in about 5 hours, but the residual effects are still hitting me even today.

September 6, 2019: The earliest I think I'm going to consider taking amphetamine is January 1.  I think if I just keep to weed, dissos, and psychs, I'll be good to go son.  

September 21, 2019: I guess Teja likes what I have going on.  That's cool.  I'm going to try to get with Teja.  I've got to find the right rhythm with amphetamine sulphate and everything will be Gucci Mayne.

LSD - http://dg7xdaiioo32dstq.onion/product/47990/110/237109
$400
MDMA - http://dg7xdaiioo32dstq.onion/product/35067/88/156689
$215
Weed - http://cj7i3krb22ore2vw.onion/product/28230/73/158108
$990
Total - $1610 - .199 BTC

September 26, 2019: Things seem to be going well with Teja.  If it doesn't work out, that's cool too.  I just ordered a bunch of good drugs!  I got a small amount of niggas but a large of clips.  I like to maintain order within my dominion.

October 1, 2019: I roll with 2 you roll with me.  He means he can't choose from 2 choices from ADHD so he takes amphetamine.  He means if he rolls and he isn't feeling 100% (2) then he takes amphetamine.  I just took amphetamine after two months and I think it was the right time.  I took MDMA two months in a row after quitting amphetamine as well.  Irrespective of his stuff, what I just did worked for me.  I have to listen to how I feel and quit the amphetmaine when it's the right time; the only rules are the ones I forget.

October 5, 2019: At some point, I want to make a 3D game wherein a crow collects shinies.  3rd person and 1st person support.  Like Spyro but a flying crow (maybe starts out unable to fly?).
Prophet Launcher weapon bug fix
Aspect ratio bug fix
Balancing improvements

October 12, 2019: I'm only going to do 3-MeO-PCP on the weekends.  Also, I'm only going to eat it.  I'm going to wear my Prophet Launcher T-shirt.

October 14, 2019: Okay, well that didn't work out.  I snorted 17 mg 3-MeO-PCP and then like 10 mg more or something.  

<amp day>October 15, 2019: Well, I just took 7 mg amphetamine sulphate and 10 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm going to take 4 mg amphetamine two times per day until I want to stop. I might increase the dosage.

October 19, 2019: Prophet Launcher notes: 
Add new ending animation
Increased sprite sizes
Improve matrix map spawn logic
Balancing updates
Fix inability to simultaneously use abilities and joysticks
Bug fixes

October 20, 2019: I'm still on my twice daily amphetamine sulphate schedule.

October 21, 2019: I'm doing 8 mg twice daily now, and if I do less, I'll get some withdrawal.  I just took 175 mg MDMA.  I expect that to work out well in the future.

October 22, 2019: I got to sleep after 6 hours after that MDMA.  I jacked off for only an hour lol.  I felt fine today while my amphetamine sulphate was in effect.  

October 24, 2019: I've been on a break from 3-MeO-PCP since October 15.  I've been on it every day since May, and I've been on it almost every day since February haha.  I don't mind.  I feel fantastic.  No hangovers whatsoever from quitting.  Lol.  I'm a beast!  I'm going to do it Saturday!

October 29, 2019: I took 4-HO-MET and 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm still doing the amphetamine.  The ceiling of rainbow mouths spoke softly to me.  Story time.  After I got evicted, I was going to kill myself.  I was going to plug an entire half gram of black tar heroin and die.  I did like 200 whippets, and then I did like 20 mg of heroin, and then I loaded up the last mega bit of heroin and said I was going to do it.  I didn't.  I said I wanted to experience 3-MeO-PCP one last time too.  Where the whippets and everything else failed, the 3-MeO-PCP saved my life.  I resolved to go back to work and try to make things work again.  And things worked, yet I lost my resolve once more just to take it back again!  I know this information will be useful, the peacefulness I experienced with my amphetamine's light and my 3-MeO-PCP's light.  Here I stand, and here I go!  Lol.

November 1, 2019: I'm moving forward.

November 3, 2019: I wrote this on reddit: Going into a K-hole means I can forget about my amphetamine sulphate addiction (ADHD).  I'll always treasure and look fondly back to memories of the beauty dissociatives have shown me.  Ketamine really inspired me to create music.  I'll always treasure the mania DCK and 3-MeO-PCP gave me to write metaphors and program code.  I'll never forget that feeling of internal peace I felt in my MXE hole.  I'll never forget that white mist of the dissociative void that is my inner glow.

November 7, 2019: I shall generate a shadowed shape atop my reaper's cloak and animate it with the bone tool.  Prophet Launcher notes:
Fix Osama glitches
Fix end animation position glitch
Reaper art update

November 15, 2019: I've updated Prophet Launcher recently.  Update notes:
Updated player sprite and animation
New reaper art
Volume and resolution options
UI updates
Camera movement update
RAM usage improvements
APK Expansion support
Bug fixes

November 16, 2019: I'm quitting 3-MeO-PCP for a while.  I've said it before, but now it's inhibiting me from doing stuff because I want to be fucked up on it all the time.  In Prophet Launcher, I must dynamically allocate the end animation to save RAM.

November 17, 2019: I've decided I'm not quitting 3-MeO-PCP for a while after all haha.  I just smoked about 7-8 mg and I've got a buzzing feeling with light rainbow visuals.  I just did pullups with 105 pounds.  I released Prophet Launcher 3.5.  Here are the update notes for 3.51:
Updated third map art
Updated hard mode: defeat the horde with only your starting weapon and abilities.
Updated easy mode: take half damage from enemies.
FPS display transparency option
UI improvements
Updated camera behavior and bounds
Bug fixes and optimizations  

November 23, 2019: My old pipe was called Sublime!  I finally remember!  I tried to remember about a month ago, and I couldn't.

December 1, 2019: 3-MeO-PCP has given me a stutter after about 10 months of nonstop use.  I've gone through over 10 grams in these 10 months.  I'm going to stop for now.  Psychedelic drugs bring back my clarity when I'm on 3-MeO-PCP.  Psychedelic drugs mitigate the neurotoxicity induced by dissociative drugs.  I'm going to quit 3-MeO-PCP for a while and use psychedelic drugs, weed, and amphetamine only.   Honestly, 3-MeO-PCP is a damn great drug without many side effects.  DCK was the hardest drug I've ever done.  DCK gave me a prolonged stutter after using it for only two days.  I don't feel I've done any permanent damage.  

December 2, 2019: I've stopped using 3-MeO-PCP for two days so far.  I'm going to quit for 2-3 weeks.  Here are my update notes for Prophet Launcher:
Headshot damage multipliers
New player spawn animation
New enemy projectile end animations
Final boss speed fix!
First boss spawn fix!
Balancing updates
Enabled OpenGLES2 driver as a fallback (primary driver is OpenGL3)
Bug fixes

December 8, 2019: I made brownies with 32 grams of abv in them.  I also just made breakfast burritos.  I smoked some DMT sprinkled between weed.  I felt a great rush of euphoria and pride overcome me as I sat with legs crossed.  I stared into the TV; it was my website dissipating into rainbow triangles and squares.  I saw the words on my TV morph into me and then morph into a finger that pointed to the right.  The words morphed into a crowd of people pointing to the right.  I felt successful.  

December 10, 2019: Prophet Launcher update notes:  
Added weapon swap ability
Improved player art
Increased joystick transparency and size
Increased critical hit indicator's visibility
Improved shotgun spread behavior
Balancing updates
Massively reduced RAM usage of large sprites
Bug fixes

December 11, 2019: My Clifton Strengthsfinder strengths are as follows: intellection, futurism, input, analysis, and strategy.  Together intellection, futurism, input, analysis, and strategy show my strategic strength.  In said order, these strengths tell a story in the formation of a plan.  Below are my Prophet Launcher update notes:
Added ascent upgrade
Added damage to Soul Shield ability to make Soulflare
Updated ending art
UI improvements
Balancing updates
Bug fixes

December 15, 2019: 3-MeO-PCP makes it impossible to remember if I took my ADHD medication or not.  I have to put it down.  There's no way this can work.  I simply want to focus.  I am putting down 3-MeO-PCP for a while now.   I see 8 white rays shining down from my periphery into the center of my field of vision, and it is symmetrical. A voice screamed in my head to EEEEEEEEAT!  As I type, I hear a squeaky voice screaming at me to eat food with really fast and sometimes overlapping words.  I saw a rainbow blob with my eyes closed.  My laptop has a face and is looking at me.  A few days ago, I saw three rainbow girls laughing and pointing finger guns at their head while staring into my eyes.  They split into a whole crowd of like 50 rainbow girls and then morphed back into a single rainbow girl.  My vision zoomed in and out and fragmented the girl into more girls over and over.  It was a manifestation of me.  I must stop using dissos like this or I will black out and never wake up again.  

December 20, 2019:  Prophet Launcher notes:
Added custom color theming for player hair and Matriarch map
Enabled the options menu in the pause menu
Added a fade transition to the ending screen
Improved enemy projectile dissipation
Added aerial damage to the lightning's bolts
UI improvements
Balancing updates
Bug fixes 

December 23, 2019: 8 days after last doing 3-MeO-PCP, I worked out after work and got hungry at 1:30 A.M.  I smoked two bowls from my new pipe and saw rainbow faces and torsos looking at me and demanding I eat.  I saw some red lips looking at me and telling me to eat in an annoying squeaky voice.  I heard "feed me Joseph" in a super low voice.  I ate 7 Reeses and used some more mouthwash.  

December 26, 2019: It's 2:50 AM.  I'm laughing my ass off in bed after doing my usual amphetamine and then 32 mg 3-MeO-PCP + 100 ug LSD.  I see my torso and my face formed from a white mist that jokes "Yeah I'll rip your fucking soul off."  It was my whole face, and while that was said, from the right the manifestation was whisked as white flames into the black void of my mind.  This manifestation was also smoothly transitioning from my face to a skull over and over.  I have to go to work at 7:30. Laying in bed with my eyes closed is the same as my eyes open.  I watched Breezy jump onto my bed with my eyes closed while it happened in real life.  I'm a beast.

December 29, 2019: I did 22 mg amphetamine and I went back to sleep from 7:30 to 11:30.  Then I took 23 mg more amphetamine and contemplated doing 3-MeO-PCP for an hour.  I just did 15 mg 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm going to wait 40 minutes and then do 15 mg more.  I'm going to do 15 mg every 45 minutes to an hour until I'm high enough.  Doing large doses of 3-MeO-PCP isn't as effective as doing small doses over a long period of time.  I really want to get with Vi.  I'll stop doing dissociative drugs all the time when I get a girlfriend.  I still want to get fucked up, but I want to focus on a girlfriend instead of getting fucked up all day every day.  I'm not ashamed of getting fucked up like this; I've accomplished a lot, but I want to do something else.  I snorted a bunch of 3-MeO-PCP two days ago and I had wild visuals, but I ate about 70 mg yesterday and I barely was even that high.  Snorting 3-MeO-PCP is the most potent ROA; I have laid this to rest as the end of the story.
So here is my story:
+15 mg 3-MeO-PCP at 12:45
+15 mg at 1:30
+15 mg at 2:30 Visuals and vanity are encroaching
I stopped because it seems so pointless.  I'm only motivated to do more 3-MeO-PCP, and I'm not even motivated to do that.  Something tells me to do more 3-MeO-PCP, but something tells me to stop.  I posted this on reddit:
Well, it's story time. This is where shit gets real.

I had given up all hope and was convinced that I must die. I have ADHD and have had recurring thoughts of suicide since I was like 5. I prayed for god to come kill me back then when I still believed in god. I stopped believing in god around that time too and I've been an atheist since then.

Fast forward to 30 months ago. My ADHD had become so bad I was hallucinating, couldn't read, and had persistent thoughts of suicide all day. I fixed myself by a strict regiment of amphetamine sulphate. After 5 months I then I quit the amphetamine because I was super paranoid, still suicidal, and I was constantly looking for ways to get rid of the amphetamine plaguing my mind just like when I was a kid. However, when I quit I experienced the worst pain I've ever felt as a jackhammer was plunged into the back of my head. I still had cravings and withdrawals 3 months later, and some bullshit happened that set me into a terrible spiral of self-hate. I order a gram of black tar heroin to kill myself because I know it would be the best way to die. I've only done heroin once before and I didn't like it very much, but I decide to do a little bit of heroin first and whippets before I die. I do about 20 mg of heroin plugged up my ass and it solidifies my decision to die as I proceed to inhale 120 canisters of laughing gas. I'm about to plug 980 mg of heroin into my ass and say goodbye to my slavery forever. I remember I have some 3-MeO-PCP as well, and I figure I should die a fucking beast. I snort a about 33 mg of 3-MeO-PCP. Like magic, I decide that I must live and everything was easily solvable. My suicidal thoughts vanished once more.

Here I am 18 months after that. I've done over 20 grams of 3-MeO-PCP. I love 3-MeO-PCP because it lets me say fuck you to this amphetamine sulphate addiction that wraps my mind all day. It gives me power over that which has haunted me my whole life. Yet, eventually I needed to take more amphetamine sulphate. Without it I am powerless. So here I am taking massive amounts of 3-MeO-PCP while I take amphetamine sulphate too. Something inside me tells me to stop taking 3-MeO-PCP, but something inside me tells me not to quit 3-MeO-PCP because it saved my life.

I don't like that I have had these desires of death my whole life, but I'm glad I have conquered them. Still, these desires won't go away, and now I had rainbow girls pointing finger guns at their heads and laughing at me not that long ago. I know that taking large amounts of 3-MeO-PCP and amphetamine sulphate is a recipe for disaster. I know that eventually the power of amphetamine sulphate will overpower the will of the 3-MeO-PCP and I could die in a vain attempt to "be myself." I don't want to poison the world with my story, but you may have it.

I'm not sure if I should tell you to stay away from 3-MeO-PCP. I do not intend to stop doing 3-MeO-PCP, but I intend to stop doing it every day. It is difficult to put down 3-MeO-PCP because I don't suffer any negative feelings as a result of it. 3-MeO-PCP and amphetamine sulphate are just not meant to be together forever. The combination felt fantastic at first, but now I feel my vanity may get the better of me. The combination of ADHD, dissociative drugs, and amphetamine sulphate is a recipe for a disasterpiece. If you can't ride two horses, get out of the circus. What I am, what I want, I'm only after death. Now, look at me, the richest nigga in the room. I'm the richest nigga. I'm the richest nigga. Peace.

I've tried 42 different drugs to get high. I loved them all, but the more I do them, the less I want to do them. I just took MDMA although I didn't really want to take MDMA. The more I take MDMA, the less I want to do MDMA, just like with MDA, DMT, 2C-E, DOM, DOC, DCK, MXE, nitrous oxide, ketamine, and now even 3-MeO-PCP. Dissociative drugs aren't really that addictive, but I can feel myself building an addiction and changing my brain. I can feel my brain changing at night when I begin to see rainbow blobs and pressure in my head. Something about it reminds me of my time with DCK. I know DCK is a damaging dissociative. It made me stutter after only two days of use, and it was the most moreish drug I've ever done. I couldn't eat it or snort it because of the nausea, so I plugged it. I used 2.5 grams. It was quite incredible.

Every time I do massive amounts of dissociative drugs, I can hear my inner voice tell me to stop. I love the beautiful visuals. The vibrating sensations of euphoria are beautiful, but they are less intense the more I feel them. Now even LSD and DMT aren't enough to spawn them. MDMA combined with nitrous gave me these splendid vibrating sensations for a while, but they are less intense the more I do them, even after long breaks. 3-MeO-PCP used to make me run through my past and swirl my head around like a hurricane. 3-MeO-PCP used to hail me with my inauguration as the president of the world when I did more.  Crowds of people jumped for joy in a big arena. Now 3-MeO-PCP showed me my face flipping back and forth between a burning skull and my burning face, telling me "Yeah I'll rip your fucking soul off." I used to get the most wondrous euphoria in my head from completing tasks on 3-MeO-PCP, but now I am forcing myself to do them. Now rainbow figures look down on me at night. I used to want to do massive amounts 3-MeO-PCP, but now I really don't want to do more.

Combining 3-MeO-PCP with DMT was the most wondrous experience, but every time I do that it feels like I am dying and being reborn over and over. I watched a manifestation of myself with my flesh melting off the bones. I did DMT with 3-MeO-PCP not long ago, but I don't want to black out on it. Something about that experience is quite unnerving but beautiful. I can feel my adrenaline being released during that experience.

When I quit amphetamine while I was still on 3-MeO-PCP, I could feel my adrenaline being released right on time. Right before that, a beautiful dark magician girl was running up to me with maniacal laughter and shouting, "I'll save you!" I saw a rainbow train steaming toward me as the intensity began to increase. A rainbow dragon curled up to face me with a flaming face and told me, "You wrought this on yourself" as it vanished under the weight of the adrenaline. I opened my eyes to a stupefied, slow motion clarity.

January 2, 2020: I've been using 3-MeO-PCP for about two years straight. Since October 2017, I've gone through over 20 grams of 3-MeO-PCP.  I've blacked out and blacked in wandering around outside looking for stuff I've lost.  I've blacked in with blood on my hands from stumbling around so much.  I can feel a pain grip my kidneys and   bladder.  I used to have crowds of women hailing me as the president of the world when I snort/plug/eat lines of 3-MeO-PCP.  Now as I "awaken" in my bed at night from an icy stupor of 3-MeO-PCP and nitrous oxide a lone rainbow girl looks down on me with a cold stare and asks, "Why do you hasten your demise?"  Her face glitches back and forth between this cold stare of a faceless mask and the devilish grin of a beautifully realistic anime woman like General Esdeath from Akame ga Kill.  She remains cloaked and floats above me with liquid feathered wings and a shining white scythe that begins to pierce through my brain as crystal stalactites of heartwarming pain.   At night, a thousand squeaky voices in my head begin to scream at me as I can feel the onset of changes in my brain.  I receive random pains in my body as it feels my bones are weakening.  My body begins to involuntarily twitch.  I start to itch and crave for the NMDA antagonism although it once gave me relief from the itches and cravings I have for amphetamine sulphate.  Invisible serpents slither around my ears, eyes, and back as manifestations of my desire for more NMDA antagonism.  I begin to wish for more NDMA antagonism, but as soon as I deliver it unto myself, every sense in my being tells me to look away.  I know in my very being that anesthetic twitch shall eventually be my deathbed as I have felt the very same deathly convulsion from consuming 750 mg of MDMA in a night.  It feels as if my entire body is sheering away from itself.  One nitrous cartridge blacks me out for over 10 minutes and frenzies me.  As I awaken from my stupor of 3-MeO-PCP and nitrous to do more nitrous, I hesitate to do more nitrous because my visual, auditory, and tactile hallucinations me that next hit of nitrous will be my very last.  The hallucinations linger longer and longer every day, and I know it's going to take at least two weeks to come down now.  I have been chasing my inner beauty yet fostering a twisted slope to my inner demise.  I shall turn back now before there is nowhere left to turn.

January 6, 2020: I'm not going to quit 3-MeO-PCP.  I might quit later.  I'm going to take a 3-4 week break from that.  I am quitting nitrous oxide.  That shit hurt lol.  Prophet Launcher notes:
New Jesus art
Animated Misthaven and enabled theming
Rethemed the AMOLED map and enabled theming
Animated the Matriarch map
Balancing updates
Bug fixes

January 9, 2020: I've been feeling lightning shooting down my prefrontal cortex for about a month now.  Now I'm on 26 mg, 26 mg, and 17 mg amphetamine sulphate every day.  I'm going to get a prescription soon.  Prophet Launcher notes:
Added boss life bars
Added upgrade progress bars
Rethemed the final weapon to shoot white fire
Balancing updates
Bug fixes

January 13, 2020: I flushed about 25 grams of 3-MeO-PCP.  I've done over 20 grams of 3-MeO-PCP.  I saw all kinds of faces and shapes contorting and screaming at me last night.  I snorted about 30 mg of 3-MeO-PCP and then I ate 40 mg after like 5 hours.  It's a futile game.  I did a few whippets.  The first couple only hurt, but the next few felt okay.  I felt the dissociative body vibrations after a few, but I still didn't want to do more because each one hurt before it felt good.  I hear voices in my head, pressure in my brain, and the 3-MeO-PCP lasts longer and longer the more I do it.  It's going to take two weeks for me to come down.  I saw a rainbow silhouette doing backflips, growing wings, and kicking me in the face.   I saw sadistic mouths growing in the ceiling and they spoke to me.  I saw a white anonymous mask form out of my chair, which then shaped into a full sized person staring at me.  The body glitched between standing upright and the torso bent into the knees and slumped across the ground, its face of longing staring at me with cheek to the ground.  I saw a massive cockroach buzzing at me.  I saw rainbow blobs oozing and melting.  I saw crowds of people running at me.  I can feel sadistic flames rise from my body and eyes as once my almighty wings unfurled from my body and eyes.  Again, I feel serpents slither circles around my back, eyes, and arms.  This is what I heard the squeaky voices tell me this time:
Yes Joseph, is this what you want?
Do you have me now?
Hahahahahahah (layered laughs fading out)
I saw Michael Meyers glitch into Jason and turn toward me to say, "You'll love this."  With a bloody machete, he shafted and twisted into my brain, asking me in the voice of Handsome Jack, "Yeah, do you feel that?"

I know I am now manifesting an addiction to 3-MeO-PCP.  I've screwed up so much stuff on 3-MeO-PCP, but I also made so many things.  I made Prophet Launcher.  I broke my Asus ROG Phone 2's sim tray.  I stayed up all night so many nights.  I witnessed my inner beauty.  I lost 30 grams of amphetamine sulphate.  I convinced myself life is worth living 19 months ago.  That was 19 months ago, but it feels like yesterday.  

January 16, 2020: I still feel serpents slithering around my body in search of 3-MeO-PCP.  My nitrous addiction has already basically faded away.  I feel something circling around the tip of my nose.  It's all good.  

January 17, 2020: Prophet Launcher notes:
Endgame addition
Added info popups to upgrades
Added stars to Misthaven
Balancing updates
Bug fixes

January 23, 2020: Prophet Launcher notes:
New character designs 
Dark M4 and reworked gold weapon skin progression
Indicated ability recharge time by icon transparency
Bug fixes

T-shirt(-7,-2) ; pants(-12,-17) ; dark-arm(-62.7,-72.6) ; light-arm()

January 26, 2020: I feel pressure in my head like my brain is compressing.  This has been going on for about 45 minutes and it started 5 hours after my last dose.  I do not want more dissociation.  I must stop because the warning signs are there.

February 13, 2020: I plugged 6 mg of 5-MeO-DMT yesterday while on 3-MeO-PCP and amphetamine.  It really made me want to move to California.  I took 46 mg amphetamine x2 and 28 mg amphetamine.  I railed about 35 mg 3-MeO-PCP and had 30 mg mixed with my two capsules of amphetamine I take at work every day.  I talked to Teja about my current issues and how to move forward.  I still want to talk to her.  I plugged 5 mg 5-MeO-DMT and 15 mg DMT and now I have a resolution.  I'm going to quit amphetamine for now.  I've no desire to do anything other than black out.  I think instead of tapering I should just quit.  I'm going to quit tomorrow, and I'm going to use MDMA on Saturday.  I will do MDMA, 3-MeO-PCP, or LSD on Sunday.  I have yet to decide.

February 14, 2020: After conversing with Teja, I have resolved to continue my amphetamine treatment to enhance my ego until there does not exist any inner conflict around the issue.  I will continue to think positively.  If my aunt Vickie does not follow through on Sunday, I'll arrange driving classes.

February 16, 2020: I'ved been faced with quitting amphetamine very strongly at 3 weeks and 4 months.  I wonder if this will be a repeating pattern.  Prophet Launcher notes:
New player animations
Updated jesus art

<Retrospect><amp quit day> February 21, 2020: Quit amphetamine today.  

<Retrospect> February 24, 2020: It felt like I was dying.  It felt like my brain was draining on the inside, like it was physically receding in size.  I took MDMA and it stopped that.  MDMA mimics amphetamine neurotransmitter release.

March 24, 2020: I got a new MSI GE75 9SG.  I updated Prophet Launcher with a Prettyfall map, dropdowns, and some bug fixes. 

<Retrospect> March 26, 2020: I noted my first coronavirus symptom on March 26, 2020.  Exactly 2 weeks before that, March 12, Verizon Connect started working remotely.  I called out that Friday because I was feeling shitty again from what I thought was quitting ADHD medication.  I picked up my stuff to work remotely on Monday, March 16.  The last time I rode MARTA to get to work, and at all, was March 17, 2020 to meet with IT.  I knew I was sick with coronavirus and showing symptoms of that virus on March 26.  That means I was infected around March 12, March 16, or March 17.  Since nobody else at work reported showing symptoms of coronavirus at the same time as me until I quit, I do believe I was infected with coronavirus on March 16 or March 17 of 2020.  I remember not feeling well riding the MARTA to get help from IT on March 17.  I thought nothing of it at the time since I was dealing with amphetamine withdrawal.  I'm pretty sure I got infected March 11.  For a couple days, I also thought the coronavirus was fake and some sort of elaborate trick for me like a lot of other pieces in my life.

April 6, 2020:  Prophet Launcher notes:
Improved railgun blast (flame effects)
UI improvements
Bug fixes: general options, keyboard/controller UI navigation

April 7, 2020: I have been sick with the coronavirus for about 12 days now.  This coronavirus needs to go away.  I've had a sneeze and cough for a while.  I coughed up some yellow stuff a week back.  Now I just coughed up some black stuff after I smoked DMT.  The coronavirus lasts a while.  This is normal.  I read symptoms lasted up to 41 days. 

April 16, 2020: I refined the railgun animation in Prophet Launcher. Notes:
Refined railgun animation
Improved pistol audio effect
Improved upgrade sound effect
Improved audio leveling

April 17, 2020: 3-MeO-PCP makes my coronavirus worse.  I could feel the virus stabbing up my neck.  DMT, 4-HO-MET, and MDMA (just took it after 9 days) make my coronavirus situation better.  I also suspect marijuana to do the same to a lesser extent.  

April 23, 2020: I'm about to smoke 30 mg DMT.  I hope the DMT kills the coronavirus.  Prophet Launcher notes:
Improved final boss art
Improved collision
Increased final mob enemy visibility
Improved UI and diction
Bug fixes

The rainbow creatures that grace the white light of DMT are beautiful, and they spoke to me.  They told me to find girls lol.  I saw dragons, dogs, snakes, Chinese dragons, anime girls, and I also exploded a soldier for some reason and gained a lot of points all over my screen.  The screen of my mind lol.  And there was a point where the world was white light as far as the eye could see.  Several of those points actually.  I'm having fun. 

April 28, 2020: I'm having fun collecting my paycheck. I was actually going to quit my job.  I'm collecting money by sitting on my ass.  That's the best part of software development. Mariconsitas are little faggot girls in Spanish.  I get paid to chant mariconcitas with my teammates in Call of Duty Modern Warfare.  I got paid to smoke weed, talk to Teja, and take 4-HO-MET and 3-MeO-PCP.  I got paid to go to Publix.  I've been paid to work on Prophet Launcher.  Lol.  

May 1, 2020: I'm so tired.  I took preworkout and 3-MeO-PCP and I'm still tired.  I woke up, snorted 10 mg of 3-MeO-PCP yesterday, did my virtual standup for work, and went back to sleep for 3 hours.  Today, I gave up lifting weights for now because I just can't push the weight.  I feel so weak.  Everything is gay.  I don't want to do anything.  I'ma smoke some weed and DMT and lay in bed. Maybe I lose on my deadlift.  Fuck it.  Everything hurts.  I feel like shit and I'm tired.  Nothing relieves my tiredness, not even laying down.  It's the coronavirus.  Son of a bitch.  I've got to stop doing 3-MeO-PCP for now.  I've got to stick to LSD and DMT and MDMA for like 3 weeks or something.  I'm coughing.  My arm hurts.  I can't even lift my normal weight one time.  I haven't wanted to do anything all day today.  Perhaps I am withdrawing from 4-HO-MET?  I think that is the case actually...  I think the combination of my withdrawal from 4-HO-MET and amphetamine along with my consumption of caffeine aggravating my withdrawal from amphetamine and possibly 4-HO-MET... I know 4-HO-MET is a weak dopamine releaser because I read it agonizes TAAR-1 in human tissue.  It is also a weak norepinephrine inhibitor like cocaine or MDPV.  That's bad.  I think 4-HO-MET might aggravate my amphetamine withdrawal like Vyvanse would.  I must stop taking 4-HO-MET as it is a TAAR-1 agonist.  I once dosed it three times in a day, even with the long legs.  I'm going to take 100 mg MDMA tomorrow.  If I'm up for it, I'll lift weights Sunday.

May 3, 2020: Prophet Launcher notes: 
New explosion for custom prophets
Balancing updates to speed up gameplay
Randomized visibility of mob enemies
Adjusted visibility of most sprites 
Updated M4 art
Bug fixes

May 4, 2020: I need 56k for my Tesla, and I've saved 32k.  Yay!  I'm beating the coronavirus too.  Yay!  Prophet Launcher notes:
Balancing updates
Bug fixes

May 5, 2020: 4-HO-MET is an addictive psychedelic drug.  I'm never doing 4-HO-MET again.  It is addictive.  Combiningn.  I'm hihg sfuck as oneoaf3-MeOpCPpbut I want more 4-HO-MET.  I'm quitting 4-HO-MET. I feel pain in my head.  I feel a longing for more 4-HO-MET.  I get littlie bumpsof elecreictifittitsti;slfidjfsfa;dfisjfifjafdifjele.  I got jolted with eletrcrictityty to do more 4-HO-MET.  4-HO-MET is addictive. Case closed.  I have very intense cravings for more 4-HO-MET for some reason.  I'm never doing 4-HO-MET again.  This drug is actually fucked up.  
Holy shit.  This is like 5 hours later or something.  I have an ominous sensation.  Basically I think 4-HO-MET is psychedelic cocaine.  Lol.  Fuck 4-HO-MET.  I feel a pressure to do more 4-HO-MET.  There was something mechanical I could feel in my desire to do more 4-HO-MET.  This is some dirty sprite yo.  I feel some pains.  It feels the opposite of the lovely feeling I got from 4-HO-MET.  I also feel a little "sprity" where it feels like I'm burning on the inside.

May 8, 2020: I have 2.76 BTC now!

May 9, 2020: I took another 115 mg of MDMA.  Prophet Launcher notes: 
Improved launcher icon
Final enemy visibility adjustments
Balancing updates (especially end game)
Crash fix: final boss defeat

May 11, 2020: I pushed out Prophet Launcher to Steam!  The release date is set as 6/9/2020.

May 20, 2020: Retrospect: I had very good results with 900 mg DXM polistirex + 250 ug LSD + lots of weed.  I saw a real life fire and it looked like a minecraft fire.  Next thing I know it's made out of orbs.  Squares.  Circles.  Tetrahedrons.  I could make my environment formed from whatever I wanted.  The fire was especially interesting.  I didn't get a good look at any bodies of water, but I bet that wood be amazing to gaze upon.

May 23, 2020: Everything seems like it's fucked up.  

May 24, 2020: I've vaped a fuckton of DMT.  I did a 5-MeO-DMT + DMT combo that was particularly euphoric.  

May 27, 2020: Retrospect: I plugged about 35 mg of 5-MeO-DMT after doing like 50 mg of 3-MeO-PCP that day back in February.  I had the most wondrous bodily sensations.  I could feel my body vibrating away off my bed and into the sky in a swirly motion.  It was as if I as being pulled from my bed by some gentle force of euphoric beauty that was within me the whole time.  I saw the visuals unfold into the feathers of a keen rainbow owl gazing into my eyes as its ruffling wings enveloped me with euphoria.  This was a manifestation of the determination 5-MeO-DMT gave me.  I didn't see any white light and didn't black out, so I didn't break through, although I must have been close because 5-MeO-DMT does have limited visuals compared to DMT.  

May 30, 2020: I've done a bunch of this S-ketamine.  It's real good stuff.  My nose is stuffed.

June 1, 2020: I wasn't feeling too great with my handling of the coronavirus.  On Friday, I had a headache, pressure in my big toe, lethargy, and of course lots of coughing and white, bubbly, acidic phlegm.  Well today I vaped 40 mg of DMT (I accidentally vaped 30 mg too hotly).  I started blacking out and hacking up my lungs.  It felt like something had invaded my lungs.  It's a strange sensation.  I thought I was dying of some contaminant in my lungs.  Well I come to from my blackout shouting, "Motherfucker tried to assassinate me!"  I thought the vape had broken and I had inhaled its plastic particulates into my lungs.  I look down and see that this is false.  There was about 2 full tablespoons of that viscous white virus phlegm on my bed and floor.  My lungs and sinuses felt clear.  I felt amazingly confident.  Wow.  That purge had me feeling awful until I went to sleep.

June 7, 2020: I just lost my glasses on a 3-MeO-PCP blackout.  I've lost my Asus ROG Phone 2 sim tray, my glasses, and 30 grams of amphetamine sulphate to 3-MeO-PCP blackouts.  Fuck this shit.  I quit.  For now.  For a long time.  I'm pissed off.  I'm sticking to psychedelics for now.  Well it's 3:30 now.  I hear some kinda bell sound echoing and I want more 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm addicted for sure.  I blacked the fuck out.  I'm going to quit for a while.  I have visuals lol.  I smoked and vaped some DMT.  That should hold my immune system steady.  I must not use any more dissociative drugs until I am sure that I am done with the coronavirus.  I read that dextromethorphan proliferates the coronavirus.  I know that 3-MeO-PCP will do the same.  It is a miracle I am alive honestly.  I have weed and DMT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

June 9, 2020: Yo I recked all these guys messing with me.  I took some 3-MeO-PCP after a 5 day hiatus due to coronavirus.  They all hate me at work lol because I spew the truth in the chat.  Oops.  I also have 3.5 BTC.  Weird, at night, I ejected some coronavirus from my eyes.  My eyes have been dry for like a week now.  Now they finally wet themselves naturally after expelling that coronavirus.  The problem is, the coronavirus expulsion was painful.  It was that white acidic stuff...  It burned my eyes!!!!  I also had a runny nose at the same time so I was like WTF?  I was smoking playing S&D in Modern Warfare, and I had to put down the game and run to the bathroom to flush my eyes with water.  I felt pretty good after though.  

June 10, 2020: After 110 days, my amphetamine withdrawal appears to have hit a peak.  This is about the same time 2 years ago that I wanted to kill myself.  I can feel those feelings returning along with a strong desire to use more amphetamine.  I accidentally spammed my Verizon chat rambling about ADHD.  It is strange, because I haven't felt this way in a while (the MDMA really helped until now).  I felt bad before, and I even had the shivers a few days after I quit.  But I didn't want to kill myself until just about right now.  I even took a large dose of MDMA four days ago.  It is quite strange.  

June 12, 2020: I took a COVID-19 antibody test today.  They were yelling for me to get out because I "had symptoms".  I didn't have symptoms.  I had to yell "WHAT?" because the doctor manager guy threatened to call the cops on me.  The nurse girls were nice though they wanted me to leave too.  They didn't even know how much blood they took from me.  I had to tell them it was like 30 mL.  

June 13, 2020: I took 30 mg TMA-2 today.  I also just took 12 mg 3-MeO-PCP, and I'm smoking some weed.  This should be fun!  I'm feeling high, tingly, and giddy already!  I took like 12 more mg of 3-MeO-PCP, and I feel incredible!  Mostly stimmy, I don't remember any visuals.  I mostly saw and see some wavy rainbow lines, nothing too fancy.  I called a lot of people in Modern Warfare niggerfaggot, promoted Prophet Launcher, and got the Renetti burst fire mode on Scrapyard.  I was pretty euphoric.  There was no nausea.  The vasoconstriction was and is a little weird though.

June 15, 2020: I think I'm finally 100% coronavirus free.  I coughed my last phlegm about 5 days ago.  That marks exactly 90 days I've recorded coronavirus symptoms.  March 13 is when I recorded my first symptom.  That's a long lasting virus.  I also have 3.74 BTC now. I'm worth 35k.  Prophet Launcher 3D FPS: Defend the upside down burning cross against the incursion of jesus, buddha, etc.  I feel like I'm on DOM.  I think TMA-2 finally metabolizes to a small amount of DOM!  It has 3 methoxy groups, and if you cleave one off, it's awful close to DOM.I've felt some weird metabolic effects of TMA-2
I have a strong suspicion I metabolized it somehow to DOM
I'm tripping slightly again today
Could 2,4,5-trimethoxyamphetamine reduce to 2,5-Dimethoxy-4-methylamphetamine?
I'm thinking so somehow
...
I'm quite pleased with my experience.

MDMA reduces to MDA.  MDMA is mostly serotonin with a small amount of dopamine, but MDA is a full triple releaser of DA/NE/5-HT.

June 16, 2020: I'm playing Red Dead Redemption 2 in real life with 3-MeO-PCP, psychedelics, and weed lol. 

June 18, 2020: Prophet Launcher 3.76 notes:
Updated the M4 weapon to allow for close range combat

June 21, 2020: I saw the blinding white shards of 2C-C.  Black and white.  Now I see rainbows.  A rainbow nigga came in stabbing niggas when I had my eyes closed.  I realized 2C-C was a norepinephrine releasing agent, and I saw my big ass norepinephrine dick manifested as rainbow hand growing six feet from out my dick.  Sombitch.  WTF!  I took 80 mg oral 2C-C. I was bored on 150 ug ETH-LAD.  I saw a goofy looking rainbow Dragon curling and looking at me from the ETH-LAD and then I was like woah because I snorted 2C-C and shit went down.  I played some COD.  I puked from insufflating that 2C-C before I saw the rainbow dragon.  Breezy shat because he was weirded out by the 2C-C I took.  A cockroach came at me for some reason.  It scurried over my foot while I was on Modern Warfare so I stomped it out.  2C-C is some crazy shit.  I took a bunch more 2C-C and kept tripping because it's more on 5HT-2C than 5HT-2A.

June 22, 2020: So 2C-C is a NRA.  ETH-LAD might release a small amount of serotonin.  I have gained a lot of knowledge by ingesting 2C-C.  <Rextrospective>: 2C-C is NOT an NRA.  I never got addicted to it.  It does agonize norepinephrine receptors.

June 24, 2020: I took 35 mg of 3-MeO-PCP plugged at the start of the morning.  Then I plugged 15 more mg after an hour.  Then I plugged 25 more mg just now after 3 hours.  That makes 65 mg in 3 hours.  This is weak 3-MeO-PCP though, so I'ma do some more.  I'm still bored.  17 more mg for 82 mg total.  I got bored so I just ate 29 mg for a total of 111 mg.  Okay, after 7 hours, I'm going to eat 36 mg more.  I have ingested 147 mg of this 3-MeO-PCP.  It's like 50% potency.

I posted this on reddit to better articulate my 2C-C experience:

I saw the blinding white shards of 2C-C OEV. Black and white. My vision was rended like the blinds on your windows. I was worried I would have an ego death. Now I see rainbows. A rainbow dude came in stabbing with a knife when I had my eyes closed. I realized 2C-C was a norepinephrine releasing agent, and I saw my big ass norepinephrine dick manifested as rainbow hand growing six feet from out my dick. Sombitch. WTF! I took 80 mg oral 2C-C. I was bored on 150 ug ETH-LAD. I saw a goofy looking rainbow Dragon curling and looking at me from the ETH-LAD and then I was like woah because I snorted like 15 mg 2C-C and shit went down.

I realize this is a weird trip report, but I wrote the trip report the same day I took these substances. I was on 5 mg 3-MeO-PCP also and stoned from lots of weed too.

I took 8 mg 3-MeO-PCP and smoked some weed. Then I took 150 ug ETH-LAD (first time). I was bored after 2 hours so I was like let's do 2C-C, so I snorted 15 mg of 2C-C and all hell broke loose. I puked a bunch. Then the rainbow dude came in knifin' (kinda similar to my 1.5 mg 25I-NBOMe experience) so I upped the ante and ate 80 mg for the white shards experience. Very reckless, but wowzzz

June 29, 2020: I got the max bounty you can get in Read Dead Redemption 2.  It's 1500 dollars.
I must have killed about 100 men in this hotel in Strawberry.  Then I walked out, scurried to my horse, turned around and shot a tail lawman, and rode from the riverside grass to the snowy mountains with the law on my tail.  My horse fell about 6 feet and got injured.  I didn't want to kill the poor thing, but it squealed and died slowly while I hid from the law for about a minute.  Then I ran down the snowy mountain, leaving my horse to die because I have no horse reviver potion, and followed a creek to escape the law into the sunset.
Whew...

July 1, 2020: First I wrote this to Anna for some reason lol, but I'm putting some of it here in my journal: I'm taking an extended break from 3-MeO-PCP, and I'm going to take MDMA tomorrow
There's nothing wrong with 3-MeO-PCP, but I need a long tolerance break from dissociative drugs to be honest
I'm going to be doing weed and psychedelics for at least one month
I've gone through like 30 grams of 3-MeO-PCP in my life, and I need a break to reflect
I've taken several breaks
Perhaps I will quit it altogether someday
Yet I see no problem with it.

July 3, 2020: Borderlands 3 is way more morbid than I thought at the start
Well the start is fucked up...
Oh my
There's a reason most of Borderlands 3 is boring...
The game appears to be a clusterfuck of garbage
But it is actually well written underneath...
I was played from the start haha
I knew it
Borderlands 3 is actually good
Besides the grindy fetch quests......
It's all a big metaphor haha
The writers got jokes 4 real haha
I wonder what Borderlands 4 will be...
Borderlands 3 appears to be a big metaphor for self righteous suicide.  I still think Borderlands 2 is better than 3.  The start of Borderlands 3 hinted this is a simulation.  The middle is boring as ever.  Then the hints of suicide creep in, more in your face than ever as you search for the pink.  The whole thing I think it's sick.
Whew...
Lowkey I was worried I might get bored
I actually gave up on Borderlands 3
Same with Red Dead Redemption 2
I trust these game companies
They had me going for a while
I legitimately wondered if Borderlands 3 was shit
For like 6 months
Fuckin A.
I listened to the little pink bear, and he was right!  

<Retrospect> ~July 2020: Anna bought some weed from me, and suspiciously said it was in all ones.  I think she wanted to inspire me to go to the strip club.  I can't help but wonder if she is a part of this conspiracy to infect me with an STD and use my ADHD to find a cure.  Ece seems like she could be one of those government agents in training.  She could be a foreign spy.  

July 5, 2020: It's 7:45 and I just messaged Anna on Discord again.  I told her about my MDMDA I took.  I snorted like 75 mg and got pretty high.  I jacked off for 4 hours, and then again for like 45 minutes, and then again for like 20 minutes.  Here's what I typed to Anna:

I took some MDMA last night at about 11
Well the MDA started hitting me, so I went and did some more at like 2 am......
I looked at the brownish rock in my bag, and I was like, I bet that's actually pure MDA in my bag of MDMA...
As soon as I took it I knew
It releases a large amount of dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin
There is something so twisted about it
The depletion of serotonin and the rapid uptick in production of and release of dopamine and norepinephrine
I know that dopamine can overflow into other receptors
It overflows into serotonin
But there's something that overflows into my glutamate receptors and blocks it too
I do believe excess norepinephrine is responsible for that...
It overflows into similar receptors as DMT and LSD
The serotonin ones
The norepinephrine overflow into my glutamate receptors provides a similar high to PCP.. there are actually two different glutamate receptors, the NMDA and the PCP subtype, and this one only blocks the PCP subtype causing vivid hallucinations of a repeating objects and a washy body feeling dripping of a thick liquid liquid like blood...  Combined with the serotonin agonism by the dopamine, I see shapes of silent gingerbread men and beautiful women that sometimes tell me I've done evil things to myself, but will oft smile and laugh so delightfully as well
It is a wicked thing, and I don't really wish to do it again....
I remember I told you about the time I took the drug DOC, and I felt I was underwater being pulled down by chains
I know the drug DOC also releases vast amounts of dopamine and norepinephrine, too much in fact, while also having its own powerful psychedelic effects
I know the drug DOM is a powerful norepinephrine releasing agent and psychedelic like 2C-C, but they both don't release anything else.
I figured I'd tell you this real quick while I'm up for a little bit longer
I see no problem with DOM and 2C-C, but DOC and MDA are certainly twisted things
Lol, I don't regret anything
Everything that I've done was worth it
Also, I know that a problem concurrent with my ADHD problem is a glutamate problem
I don't only have a glutamate blocking problem when I'm off my ADHD medication for a while
When I was off my medication, both my NMDA and PCP sites were not blocked, but there simply was no glutamate activating them
Thus I hallucinated before I got back on my meds, and I started having hallucinations from both of those sites which included seeing rainbow faces and white sinister faces
When the sites are blocked by an agent like ketamine or 3-MeO-PCP, the faces are all happy and singing praise.  When nothing is done at the sites by my lack of innate glutamate, the rainbow faces from the PCP  sites exhibit all emotions, but the white faces from the NMDA sites are sinister...
It is important to treat my ADHD at least every 3 years for like 4 months, but ideally every 2 years for 4 months
3 times a day of levoamphetamine and dextroamphetamine.  Both of them
I feel like I'm writing you a book haha
Oh, back to the glutamate problem that isn't part of my ADHD though
I notice when I am attacked verbally, or when I am hurt physically too much, I will dissociate at the NMDA site...  It is a sinister feeling of no glutamate release at the NMDA site...
It is unfortunate, but I will certainly laugh and grin and even slur my words, if I am able to speak them at all
That is a result of the inaction at my NMDA sites...
Cool stuff
Honestly
I think MDA is a releaser and a reuptake inhibitor
I don't like reuptake inhibitors
I need to be more careful
These are dangerous things to tink with
:wink:

July 7, 2020: I had the best time at the Cheetah.  I think I met an ADHD girl named Monica.  She's cute.  I'ma go back Wednesday.  I now have 3.97 Bitcoin and $38,000.  

July 10, 2020: I have realized that 25I-NBOMe releases a lot of dopamine and norepinephrine.  That's why I went insane on it and felt like I was dying and crying for help to Torrance on 1.5 mg 25I-NBOMe.  I've come a long way.  25I-NBOMe inspired me to quit drinking alcohol.  I'll treasure that memory forever...  

July 12, 2020: I now have 4.07 bitcoin.  I'm getting rich somehow.  I have a net worth of $39,600.  I have 59 days to move out.  No problem.  

July 14, 2020: I got into the Platinum Club for free today.  I went yesterday.  I got a private dance yesterday, but today I got a private dance again.  Five latina girls came on the stage, and one of them was dark skinned and super cute.  Her friend said under her breath to me "$200 for everything", and I was saying like perfect, but does your friend do that too?  She said yeah, so I asked her dark skinned friend for a private dance.  She fucked me.  She pulled out a condom, we undressed, and she rode my dick!  Whew!  She sucked it too.  And she jacked me off.  She jacked me off a little too hard, so I asked her to "please be gentle."  I couldn't finish because I last a long time, but I let her know she was beautiful and that I last a while.  I tipped her 40 dollars (2 twenties), and went outside to throw some ones at a beautiful black girl named Rare.  Whew.  That's the third time I had sex.  I had to bike home, and I felt like I was being watched after I fucked that beautiful latina girl.  All good.  I spent like $375 in that club, and it was 100% worth it.  I just jacked off to complete the circle.  Haha!  Good times.  I was on 3-MeO-PCP when I had sex with ESi, my favorite girl!

July 16, 2020: I got my first ever 360 quickscope in Call of Duty with a mouse and keyboard just now. Final killcam on Shoothouse. Let's go! I'm becoming a mouse and keyboard pro! Rytec explosive rounds maxed ADS speed and movement speed. Speed. I also had a Galil AMAX with no stock and a variable zoom scope, no tricks; it's an SMG Sniper. Seorita!  I also just got some peeps from a homie.  I got a little bit of a high from it from getting in his truck.  Put that in the truck - Ed Rummie, hehe.  I took some PCP when I did this.  I found real PCP now.  I saw a rainbow pentagram in the ground.  I also saw faces of girls and eyes like Pride from FMA looking at me.  Wowzzzz.  I got that 360 quickscope while I was high on PCP, 3-MeO-PCP, and weed.  Wow.  I also got super hungry, ate Wingstop, and had to take a PCP induced shit.  Then I had to take a PCP induced sleep.  I think it does have some other addictive quality than just dissociation.  I also get this with 3-MeO-PCE, which was closest to my PCP experience.  

July 18, 2020: Posted to Facebook for the homies haha: Where were you when the dopamine overflowed into the serotonin receptors and showed me the lovely wicked dark magician girl of my dreams? Where were you when the norepinephrine overflowed to the PCP and NMDA receptors and showed me the rainbow faces and white sillhouettes against the black hole backdrop? I WAS THERE THE HOLE TIME!!! I have the dissociative power of saying FUCK YOU whenever you decide to fuck with me. I'll laugh in my face through sadistic teeth of pure retaliation.

This band blessthefall isn't actually Christian.  God Wears Gucci means humans wear the Gucci brand, meaning god lies within us all along.  I'm god.  You may worship me if you like.  Witness the norepinephrine train, coming right 4 us. I'm not a wrapper, merely an Atheist on his way. ;)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLMGY_MdWpg

Goals:
1. Girlfriend
2. Better job
3. Entrepreneur my own video game company, "JC Enterprises Inkorportated"?
4. Rap career?
5. Presidency?
???
Prophet Launcher

It's the cycle of programming in my own ADHD whirled. 

This is my Prophet Launcher ad in case it gets deleted.  I just added the part about ADHD.

Aim to offend the pillars of humanity's most sacred in this speedy 2D platform shooter parody created in the open source Godot game engine.  As the final prophet of this world, annex the souls of the old prophets and use them to enhance your own power.  There are:

11 unique enemies including Jesus, Osama, Buddha, and Donald Trump
6 weapons including a railgun and a rocket launcher
4 special abilities including slow motion and a lightning strike
5 permanent customization upgrades including themeable maps and custom enemies (Uncle Rucku textures are not included)

Worldwide score leaderboards
Controller and keyboard support

All sales support an independent game developer.  This game has been in development since April 2018 as a metaphor of my life with attention deficit hyperactive disorder.  There is always room for improvement, and thus there is more content to come.

July 19, 2020: Okay, there is an S-isomer 3-MeO-PCP which is perfection.  I've never tried PCP before, but it's not for me.  Ouch.  The DRI effects become apparent at some point.  I don't like this.  Damn.  Oh well.  I won't do it again.  I took some 2C-C, 5 mg, and lots of 3-MeO-PCP throughout the day.  I think I smoked about 10 mg total of PCP too.  It didn't do as much to me as it should because I'm already high on 3-MeO-PCP.  I laughed a ton and listened to the band Attack Attack! pretty clearly.  I kissed a girl, and I liked AAA! 

July 20, 2020: Fuck this coronavirus mask bs.  I left Zaxbys to go to the Mcdonalds because they wanted me to wear a mask or pull my shirt over my face to make an order.  I just ate 24 McNuggets with a plain double cheeseburger, a medium fries, and honey mustard and buffalo sauce with my own favorite 6 peppers added to the sauce mix (Carolina Reaper and Trinidad Moruga Scorpion included).  10/10 ace in the hole son.  Do Has Bitch Me lol, NEIN; it's German 4 "You have me me , no" 

July 21, 2020: The original Saw movie is still my favorite, but Saw 2 and Saw V stick out to me. The last one before the recent reboot was okay as well. I haven't seen the reboot yet, but I have a scary movie in mind to watch with some girls now. Oh, and Halloween 4 is my favorite horror movie (or maybe it's Scream 3). John Carpenter actually wrote a lot of the music for Halloween. Rob Zombie did some great work too; he outdid the original 2 Halloween movies, but I'm not sure how he could top Halloween 4. I'm not sure if he's even going to try to top it.  I think I'm technically a Scorpialibra.  A book reading scorpion of women.  Ahem, if you're sober, why would you care if I'm not? Your sobriety works, right...?  I just came back from the strip club, and there's no other place I'd rather be right now.   Finally, the oligopoly can only keep out competition for so long before we take to the skies.  There's fishy stuff happening all over the world about the coronavirus. I don't trust the word of the government, but peer reviewed research is peer reviewed and repeatable.  Well, if you crush ice enough, it's merely water, and it's so wet it won't let anything DRI...   I guess the chain in my pac it wasn't e nuff, I'm like... Amphetamine fuck. 
 I'm sorry... I can't afford an Electric Lamborghini... but I got some thing that Amphetamine get you there.  Say she an X Box... An' A'm more Atarey...   I'm a gold digger!  Adderall a motherfucking goldigger!  

Skyrim
I modded it out
A while ago
I combined 25E-NBOH and 3-HO-PCE and played Skyrim
We waz kangz
This was right after I graduated from GT
December 2018
I had the greatest sit I've ever sat
With that combo
Like a king christening a throne
Slow motion
Blizzards
I leveled up my chair sitting skill to infinity
10/10 try it sometime mayne
All in an Amazon Basics Chair.

July 23, 2020: What are the long term consequences of the high norepinephrine action of MDA?

https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11430927/

The results establish that MDA and MDMA produce structural damage to 5-HT axon terminals followed by lasting denervation of the forebrain. Both drugs have similar effects, but MDA produces a greater reduction of 5-HT axons than does MDMA at the same dosage.

It ain't much, but it's honest work.

The short term consequences of MDA overdose are a heart attack... The long term consequences are a slow decline of the serotonin receptor axons... Yet, this should be reversible? Yes, serotonergic damage is recoverable, but dopaminergic damage caused by the likes of methamphetamine are irreversible.

Okay, apparently I need to try LSD + ketamine.

That's a good question. Is MDA neurotoxic to dopamine neurons? I would like to think so, given I just found this paper:
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28597409/
MDA is certainly best used as a delicacy in its purest form! Yet, read this note in the abstract: "These mice also displayed increased NET-positive hippocampal fibers." I suspect this norepinephrine system transformation to be a direct effect of MDA (remember, MDMA metabolizes to MDA in humans).

July 24, 2020: I saw EC again today.  I got a dance from her.  EC, ella de mi mundo, es mi amor!  I gotta brush up on my Spanish!  I gave her 50 and 6 bucks as a tip.  She grabbed my dick!  That's a very good sign!  I'ma go back!

July 25, 2020: I got super fucked up on 3-MeO-PCP.  Prophet Launcher 3.77 notes: 
Added Killing Spree sound effect a la Master Samus.  I took a bunch of 3-MeO-PCP, and I see a huge melting rainbow laughing master dragon face with long sliver eyes trailing much of himself.

Prophet Launcher: Co-op multiplayer. Static typing.  Big money snake with coin eyes - shoots streams of 1hp dollar bills tracked at player.  Add lore section (collect lore by defeating an enemy) and diamond guns.  Weapon camo - blue circuit board texture with flowing white light flowing through it.  Improve lightning fps.  Whip sound.  Music.  White flapping wings of fire for reaper.  Shadow produces black mist on teleportation.  Story mode: Double jump Ascent costs mana and casts a solid black hole underneath the player.  Make platformer mode and a map builder mode called ___.  Rearrange upgrades as pyramid with weapons passive active upgrades.   Increase the visibility of the color picker.  Realistic fire, lightning, and soul hit animations.  Infrared costume:  ____.   Shining white fire cloak.  Animate the player's torso.  Animate crown into flames.   Maps: Easter(rolling weed eggs and hopping bunnies), Halloween, Christmas.  Naked shiny anime girls on the ground and titties as the background.  Animate fields of burning upside down crosses, their flaming tendrils twirling into the shining sun, as the starting map.  Custom backgrounds for Prophet Launcher. God mode: custom mobs of various sizes where user uploads file through the theme customization menu.   Create a version of jesus with a long legged hunchback goblin and animate him - both jesus and the cross uniquely explode.  Make launch button click sound something meaningful.  Animate game over fading in and out.  Change the shadow to take the player's current sprite and modulate it to black.  Reaper explosion -> WhiteFireExplosion.  Reanimate reaper with bone tool and make him raise his second arm in a palm to shoot out a white fireball.  Kick the cross minigame like toss the turtle where you hit and spin jesus into the air?  Put JoZeus in Prophet Launcher in the top left corner with a lightning bolt.  Add arm collider to player.  Largie Littles boss?  Make a trailer of custom prophets being used.  Add player hit animation.  If my appeal fails, put it on itch.io as one large APK (no PCK since no Google Play).  School map for Prophet Launcher.  Twin towers map for Prophet Launcher.

Wishlist: Drop cash on a Tesla (with savings in bank leftover after), two-story house without an HOA and with floor to cieling windows, diamond chain with the s shaped like a snake with sapphire eyes (other gems 2) and a dark magician girl from Yu-Gi-Oh behind it. (artificial diamonds), diamond fidget spinner.  My own strip club with video games, and hookers (like a Futurama strip club but cooler).

July 25, 2020: TIL about war pigs against the siege of Megara in 266BC. Pigs were set on fire with resin, and sent towards the army's war elephants. The squealing pigs terrorized the elephants, causing them panic and trample anyone closeb y, ending the siege due to the high number of elephant-caused casualties.

Some guy said "Modern problems require modern solutions" on Reddit, so I retorted: 
[]shadowsdietwice666 1 point 6 minutes ago* 
Exactly, nobody tells me what to do. I have ADHD. I'ma start my own club with no elephants or pigs allowed. Okay, maybe elephants and pigs can be in the club, but it's gonna have blackjack, and hookers, and something else I'm not telling you; why do I reach these words?

Ya know what, screw the whole Megara.

Edit: And the club 2.

Edit 2: Ba wa wa kangzzz...
7709770144
4043277900
July 26, 2020: In response to some random anti-pedo shit on my Facebook feed:
Why is everyone so obsessed with exposing pedophiles? I get it, you like to protect the children and shit. Some people strike me as the type of people who should work for the FCC. I don't support pedophilia, but the truth is, most of these people are born with an attraction to children much like how most people are born with an attraction to the opposite sex. Also, about 10% of people are attracted to the opposite sex, and other animals are gay too. I'm straight and attracted to intelligent dark-skinned women (especially girls who speak foreign languages like Spanish), but I accept that there are people who are different than me and move on. I mean, you shouldn't let children be harmed, but what's the point in going out of your way just to ruin someone's day? Honestly, I'm sure there's some kind of genetic or drug therapy that could remediate pedophiles to be more in line with the values of general society in the future. Honestly, there are tons of natural remedies for ailments (like DMT for ADHD {don't tell anyone!}), so there may be some plant or fish already out there to fix pedophiles. Maybe a swordfish? Well shit, if there's some cure, then they'll start forcing the gays in China to convert too haha. Lol

July 28, 2020: I quit my job at Verizon.  I don't like the people there, and I'd like to leave amicabaly.  I shall exit as gracefully as I may.  

I just had sex with this skinny latina girl named Taylor.  She was sexy, and she introduced me to ESi.  She rode me forwards and backwards, sucked me up, beat me off (a little hard), and she clapped her ass on me a bunch when she rode me cowgirl!  I didn't come, but it's okay because she called me her amor!  Taylor!  I had sex with the sexy latina girl Taylor!  I was on 3-MeO-PCP and a half tab of acid haha!

Whew.  It took me a long time to come from jacking off, but I finally finished in like 45 minutes of intense work.  The sweat dripped down to my shoulders, and I even ate some of my sweat and the girls' kisses on my cheek haha.  I got a lap dance from a white Atlantian girl named Bree.  I got a $30 dance from a Russian girl yesterday too.  I got a private dance from a girl with parents from the Carribean part of Tobago!  In response to a Facebook Astrology thingy: Idk which one to pick haha; they're all so great. AriTauruScorpioVirgarius!

July 29, 2020: I'm so sick of everyone acting like they're above me, as if they have something to teach; whatever shall I do with all this knowledge? Eat it? Actually, when I speed, you listen to me, The Hounds of Anubis by the word alive (it's one of my favorite songs). Me, me, me. 3 of them, sigma 1'd. Whatever, don't listen to me. I seek purity in the system, my system. Bear this: I took my medication today (amphetamine sulphate is found in Adderall), and I've sped up the process more than you can imagine. These are 4 words to choke upon!  I DIDN'T KNOW THEY STACKED SHIT THIS HIGH! KEEP IT COMIN', ONE AT A TIME NOREPINEPHRINE. NO. Yes. Whatever. Fuck! Two at a time? Okay, at least one time I shall. YOU STILL DON'T KNOW WHO I AM. I'm not even a real drill sergeant because I hate spitting in your face, bitches. Go ahead and fuck my momma too, right in her ass, if that's what she's into (that cute latina girl I banged a couple weeks ago).

July 31, 2020: It's 3:32 AM and I posted this on r/drugs.  BURN It DOWN!  All of the marijuana must go now, and it must go fast. Godspeed as I inhale this bong rip midpost to flush out the demon sperm and jackhammer off tomorrow's motherfucking drugs.

August 1, 2020: I wanna do my Master's Degree at MIT with my girlfriend ESi, and then I wanna do my Ph.D. at Stanford with her too!  And then, we'll take it from there!  :) :) :) ;) :) :)

I'm an adult!  Aya.  Ground!  And trees too at my wedding!  Lit! Well, that makes 49988.2 words!  And now, I've got 49998.6 words like 50 Sent!  That makes 50004.4 words; that's a wrap 4 na!

5013.4

Hahaha!

I'm a genius!

I wrote this in reaction to me holding a delicate pose in this game Wolf's Bane 3 on Newgrounds and then doing snow angels in my bed and on the ground, back and forth (I'm high on 3-MeO-PCP).  My back popped in the center.

Oh my goddess; you're amazing just the way you are!

My love is easy; you are an angel sent from the heavens betwixt.

You need to pop more backs!

Lay this to rest nevermore!

August 2, 2020: I accidentally tried 4-MeO-PCP again today.  I jacked off for like 2 hours straight or something.  I was really sweaty.  I came after like an hour of super hard work on my pocket pussies, and then I was still hard, so I kept going for like 20 more minutes to come again, and then 30 more minutes, and then like 30 more minutes.  I came 4 times yo.  Wtf.  This drug is a DRA, NRA, SRA, DRI, NRI, and SRI.  It hits sigma 1 and sigma 2 receptors.  This drug is something else.  I don't think there's more to the drug than that.  Huh.  At first, I was laying in bed paranoid thinking I had been poisoned with meth!  And then it hit me.  I was like, no fucking way.  It's 4-MeO-PCP, long time no see!  I once jerked off for 12 hours straight to 4-MeO-PCP!  I got it by accident back in March 2018 when I was ordering 3-MeO-PCP.  I wasn't sure it was 4-MeO-PCP until just now when I took some that was in my bag of 3-MeO-PCP (the gods are generous lol!).  It made me very talkative and creative.  I was a sex machine.  I jerked off two more times after that, but I didn't come multiple times during those hour long sessions.  I came 6 times yo.  Sombitch.  That drug is otherwordly.  I listened to Pride by Kendrick Lamar and Window of My Eyes by Boosie Badazz.  I also listened to Like a Boss and Threw It On The Ground by The Lonely Island.  I don't want to do 4-MeO-PCP again because it's too much for me.  I don't like the meth-coke effects it has.  4-MeO-PCP is definitely a cell 4.  Lol.  I had the jaw clench and everything yo.  That shit was real yo.  That shit was harder than meth yo.  I remember sitting in the corner of my bed curled up with my jaw clenching, my eyes rolling back into my head, thinking I had actually been poisoned with meth by my neighbors smoking it.  While jerking off, I realized it wasn't meth; it was 4-MeO-PCP, a familiar friend.  I banged the hell out of so many different girls on pornhub lol.  

August 3, 2020: I finished Metro Exodus: The Two Colonels today on a bunch of 3-MeO-PCP and on the tail end of 4-MeO-PCP.  Haha.  It is a masterpiece!  I can't wait to play the end.  I wrote this on Facebook: Deep in the forgotten tomes of nowhere, I'ma write a book.

 4 dots ping a ball down a hill.

 August 4, 2020 6 AM : 4 dots ping a ball down a hill.  I do believe 4-MeO-PCP hits the kappa and mu opoiiod recepcetetss too becaseuse I just felt it.  4-MeO-PCP fucks  just about everything up!  I can feel the 4-MeO-PCP still evolving.  I don't really know what goes on with 4-MeO-PCP.  No but yes.  I'm the boss.  I'm more boss than MDA.  4-MeO-PCP is more addictive than MDA!  That's the real cell 4 dragonballzzz sombitch allverything.   PlEaEaSEAAfAFAAFAFAfaafafafafaafafaaafaa.  You can't buy me a hot dog mayne...  Just...  no... bury me in a nameless grave.  COMA WITCH IS 4-MeO-PCP!.................TACTICAL NUKE!LSDKFSHDFLKSDFDSLGSOIGHROIGHriowhiuhgiudshfksjhfksjhfsjkfnksjefksdfbkjcbvkjcsbvksdgfuiwegfuisgfl.  Shut the fuck up.  Please.....No mas!  I never wanna fucking go golfing ever.
  The thing with 4-MeO-PCP is ALIENS.  Plots.  Devices.  Wrapping up everything.  Is there more than this?  What stronger drugs are there than 4-MeO-PCP?  To need I mean, had already I?

Which witch shall witch which?  Coma Witch by The Acacia Strain.

4-MeO-PCP recepterome:
NMDA antagonist (lots of faces and shadows of me and you and everyone between us)
PCP receptor
Kappa opioid
Mu opioid
DOR opioid
serotonin releasing agent
NE releasing agent
DA releasing agent
DRI
NRI
SRI
both sigma1 and sigma2 (ring!)
Histamines (scratchy)
Adrenaline (slowmo soup)
I witnessed all of these things in 4-MeO-PCP...

Fuck me man.  The opiate effects didn't come until some metabolite hit me 12 hours later.  This is the devil's sponge.  What's the shits mayne?

Bury me in a nameless gravy; 4 I shall come to thine mashed potato kingdom come hencevermore.

Never again shall I mix MDMA and 3-MeO-PCP, forevermore, because I could die from 4-MeO-PCP by accident!  Mixing that MDA and 3-MeO-PCP and LSD was reckless... never again!  My professor Bill Leahy is funny as hell.  He does dissos!  I knew it haha; he's funny, and he's fat.  Du hast Das Heilige!?  Mr. Leahy! Just go with it man; I'm straight up like Geng His Julius Caesar Khone of The Trailer Park Boys!

August 5, 2020: I just plugged 15 mg of MDMA.  I remember I took a shit while I was experiencing the effects of 4-MeO-PCP, and I felt a lot better.  The 4-MeO-PCP lasted like 20 hours yo.  I still had visuals of people made of rainbow strings as I was catatonic in my bed at like T+16:00.  Like wtf.  MY BUTTHOLE WAS ON FIRE!!!  I also took 8 mg of 3-MeO-PCP and smoked some weed a few hours later.  I remember doing a dress and dance to Beat It by Michael Jackson at Duke TIP when I was 12. I remember hanging out with all these sweet Asian girls at Duke TIP. I remember Michael Jackson dying 2 years later when I was coming back from Duke TIP and playing the newly released Epic War 3 with my cousin Linda and my momma up in North Carolina on a thunderstormy night. Then I watched Se7en and ate four extra salty scrambled eggs the next morning.  Yeah, MDA really does promote norepinephrine transformations in the hippocampal (memorial) region.  I am a liar. LYA LYA LIKE TRIBAL INK! I am no model figure; my name's what you prefer! I come off shameless... BUT A AM A SHAME D! JOSEPH RICHARD CANTRELL!  Liars and Monsters by Escape the Fate is a good song haha.  Should we abolish the electoral college right now? Well, I've surveyed the landscape, and the answer is... you guessed it! NO!  Quantum of Solace for me? I think not, for I have found quanta of solace in my lifetime so far!  Yo, they took down my post of Jackie Chan and Xi Jianping of China on r/JackieChannit as a joke, and they joked about it on Reddit.  They did it after I cutely spammed the Channit discord server then left and deleted my Reddit account.  So it looks like some hormone allows one to come multiple times.  That's why meth and 4-MeO-PCP let you come multiple times.  Lol!  I think you vacate your bowels due to DOR agonism.  And that's what I can learn by ingesting 4-MeO-PCP again!  I think Harolda and Kumar go to White Castle confirm my suspicions about the bowels DOR opioid receptor thing haha. 

August 6, 2020: I got so fed up with Facebook peeps, I deleted my account forever!  Also, I'm pretty sure Som, Teja, and Atul Suri are  three annoying agents.  I'm listening to Blank Space by Taylor Swift, and she does 3-MeO-PCP 2 haha!  So does Leonard Dicapitatrio!  Lol lit!  Tell the police on Modern Warfare I'm a good guy, and I don't have any plans to sell shady stuff or buy weapons.  I love my family guys!

Lol, they posted on r/4chan about me after I told them I don't want problems and guns on Modern Warfare today.  Here's the first 4 comments:

Anon is absolutely legendary, but shouldve picked a more shitty song, perhaps spongebob?

permalinkembedsavereportreply

[]ironkozak
 
 [score hidden] 18 minutes ago 
The point is that the song doesn't matter, even a great song like this

permalinkembedsaveparentreportreply

[]TriangularFish0564
 
 [score hidden] 15 minutes ago 
What would annoy bargoers more, decent songs, or a kiddy baby song with an annoying voice?

permalinkembedsaveparentreportreply

[]wetWaterespirtions
 
 [score hidden] 43 minutes ago 


Lol!

Okay, so here's my future plans with Esi and Aria (Taylor).  I'ma fuck em both on Desoxyn from the pharmacy!  And then, I'ma fuck Esi on Evekeo, by myself!  And then, I wanna go back to college at Georgia Tech (I think) for my Masters Degree (with Esi and Taylor doing their bachelors?) {LIT!}.

I'ma blame it all on the coronavirus I had for 89 days with aftereffects!  I spit those out too, and I shit em out too!  Lol Reddit is super gay, and the Italians are dope.  Whew.  Stay chill Joseph Richard Cantrell.  Take no walks, and make no funny business for a week or so.  I truly believe humans are in the process of evolving wings! {edited haha for truly so}.  Look at all the aviation!  Just look at tits haha!  Lol, I exposed Teja, Som, and possibly, Atul Suri.  It is what it is.  I probably shouldn't expose Daniel, but it is what it is.  They're annoying.  If I see him shadowing me, I'm exposing him too.  Fuck that shit.  I don't like annoying people!  Naggers is what they're called.  They deserve to be nagged back at a certain point.  Condoms are 4 suckers unless you've got the paperwork 2 back it up!  I'ma wear a condom until I get STD tests done with ESi and Taylor (Aria) {ls lol!}.  I'ma ask ESi, Taylor, and Jonathon if we should get a taser.  I mean, even Jordan has a taser!  Patte means paw in French lol.  I learned that on Reddit by refreshing r/4chan after viewing new comments lol.  Lol my keyboard flashes at me.  Microsoft is watching me yo.  Aya.  Trump signed 2 contradictory orders: one giving Tik Tok 45 days to transfer to an American company, and then another banning it; all in the same day Trump did this.  Breezy's last name is now Pikachu!  Lololols!

On the Origin of the Word "Love":
Comes from the Middle English word luf, derived from the Old English word "lufu." This is akin to Old High German, "luba," and another Old English word, lof, which means 'dear'.

Check 52:30 of Donald Trumps video on Twitter where he said "Thank you Jo" at the beginning, and he also thanked a ton of other people!  Lit!  I think Donald Trump and me have a lot in common!  Lololol!

Drugs never to try:

O-PCE

DCK

2C-B-FLY

5-MAPB

3-MMC

I read that on Reddit!  I already tried the first two, so I know not to try the rest!  Maybe I'll try 2C-B-Fly after some reasearch.  2-FMA and 4-FA seem like good steps (according to Donald Trump I think lololol).  Blame everything I did today on it being hot because I was baking a cake for my favorite girls! I googled how to bake a cake with whipped cream and lollipops.  I might put palm trees on my girl's cake!  I will definitely put an American flag on it!  Candles?  Sure!  The amount of candles on our cake should be symbolic of our time spent together!  Perhaps something to do with Artemis should also be on the cake, because candles are symbolic of this moon goddess!  I want a waterfall, roses, and of course the finest custom dress for my wife!  No guys named Barry at the wedding!  I don't think I'll wear a suit lol.  My wife can wear what she wants too!  I want a money shower for us after we officiate it!  I'ma order some DMT after I move; fuck corona!  I always give credit where credit is due haha!  If I had grown up in Somalia, I'd be dead before I was 6 lol, all because I don't believe in god!  Donald Trump writes quickly.  Got damn son!  When I was just a kid, I was always like, "God damn son, you gotta stay straight and not be retarded."  Ah shit.  Yeah, Donald Trump is like god right now.  Lololol!  He likes Me 2!  He golfs all the time lololol!  Trump knows it's all easy haha!  This guy is wild right now dude! Omg!  I wanna visit Yellowstone National Park with ESi!  I've always wanted to visit that place.  Huh.  "vamo hijueputa, perro hijueputa" means "Bastard bastard, bastard dog in Spanish"! "ya que estan de moda las madrinas a rateros aqu" is "since godmothers to thieves are in fashion here" in Spanish.  Maybe ESi and I can go to the beach in Florida along the way, and maybe we can go to Texas too!  

Tell me how you interpret this amendment.

In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States, than according to the rules of the common law.

Now notice the I n the S.  Lololol!

They let Jeffrey Epstein kill himself, and they want the best for Ms. Maxwell (widowed).  

Perhaps Lisa is a cool name.  

August 8, 2020: charmsthirdthetime@protonmail.com shall be my new Reddit username.

Michael Myers watched over me at night as I went to sleep as a child.  Also, witches and cat eyes scurried along to me in the shadows.  ADHD is a bitch.  Dying can be good.  Comedy can be bad.

I restarted my Facebook.  Ay!  I'm Joseph Cantrell, a computer scientist with a passion 4 lighting D torch F mutual prosperity.

Chinese Jesus is fake and gay.  Sad News!  Now everybody done kung fry fritting.

25I-NBOH was a strong NRA.  I remember my dick being too big, long, and rainbow when I was on it.  I always saw faces looking back at me on it too!  It dissociated me as well!  Lol.  So did 25I-NBOMe.  How?  Perhaps it was the norepinephrine.  Those blinding white rainbow petals and shards of the world I've seen on 25I-NBOMe and 2C-C?  Got damn son!  They were beautiful!  Idk how I'm alive tbh!  I'm a bossman!

From Reddit:

If you want a fast onset then your drug should be neither too lipophilic or too hydrophilic. A relatively hydrophilic substance will rapidly diffuse throughout the bloodstream to reach the brainthis will contribute to faster onsetbut it must still be lipophilic enough to cross the brain capillaries.

In contrast a drug which is too lipophilic will cluster in membranes at the local site of administration. Once it gets to the brain's capillary bed it will also tend to cluster in those membranes before diffusing down the concentration gradient into the parenchyma.

This is actually supported by phenomenological observations I've made with IR administration of ACH's (a good metric as this ROA delivers a significant portion of material directly to the bloodstream). In terms of onset rapidity with IR administration: MXiPr>Ketamine>MXE>DCK>3-MeO-PCE>3-HO-PCP>3-MeO-PCP.

On SwissAdme the consensus LogP of these compounds is as follows:

DCK: 2.16
MXE: 2.56
Ketamine: 2.68
MXiPr: 2.86
3-MeO-PCE: 3.28
3-MeO-PCP: 3.98
From this we can predict that futures ACH's with rapid IR onset will have a LogP in the range of 2.5-3.0. Anything much more lipophilic (3-MeO-PCE/PCP) will have a slower onset, as will anything much more hydrophilic (DCK). The onset times of other ROA's tend to follow this trend, but they're less direct and so the analysis is more complicated. There's other factors as well, such as pKa or P-gp substrate activity, but I think they're probably less relevant.

Also, why do you think it would have greater bioavailability? If the 3-AcO-PCP is pharmacologically active than it would be less active by weight relative to 3-HO-PCP. Otherwise, 3-HO-PCP is 3-HO-PCP is 3-HO-PCP.

My momma, Patricia Ann Cantrell told me I'm related to Napoleon Bonaparte.  She told me that.  

August 9, 2020: I'm high af on 3-MeO-PCP.  Everyone hates me for some reason.  Everything is another check.  

Pizzabaggelelsfogels.

ESi!
Tay
Lo
RE
@!!$$$$$$$$

I had sex with mys efl on lsd .    I had sex with myself on lsd.  I din't finish, but I saved the spit and swallowed it!  I took some acid watching Superbad bymyerlf.  I asked myself if it was cool and I was like like you already no right motherfucker  I saw myself swallowed in a rainbow maesltrom in my bed.  It was the beauty of my mind!  I love me!  FOREVER! AND WALAYAS I'm alaasy wachting you Joseph Richard Cantrell! :)!  Swordfish snowangels in my bed nigga!  I LOVE ESI AND TAYLOR (ARIA) beautiful!  Like I'm sombitch jokin' haha?  Project X?  I wrote the book bitch.  I'm watching this movie right now, and it's thicc.

funny like a clown joseph richard cantrell 69 seconds how to tip bitch fake gay faget fuck you down system sydnrome motherfuckers.


JOSEPH BANKS is with PROJECT ZORGO? Searching for Abandoned Minerals & Crystal for Tesla

I read this shit on fucking youtube.  I'm pissed off.  I'm not funny like a clown motherfuckers... 

On fucking Reddit, they're fucking with me (I never posted sun*): Man shoots and kills person who kidnapped and molested his som by NaeemLikeShady
 
 in PublicFreakout

[]charmsthirdthetime 1 point 11 hours ago 
sun*


I just uploaded this to my website.  I'll store it safe away forever!  They beat on my door again.  I called Sama and asked them to stop.  Breezy is here with me now.  Now I'm going to do more 3-MeO-PCP and smoke some more weed.  Yep.  I don't remember none of this shiit nyukka. I'll beat yo ass lil' nyukka.  I put on my worst fuckin' Italian accent.  I swear.  They knocked at my fucking door again.  No way punk.  What makes you so fucking super special I can't live my life, ah?  This is my worst fucking Italian acccent, I swear! 3 C's!  I fuckin' swear!

I'll sew ya fucking balls together for talking about my mother like that.

The police just knocked on my door. I did nothing wrong. I didn't answer. They left. They're some punks.

They knocked at my door again. No way punk.

All I ask is peace and fuckin' quiet.

Said Donald Trump:


Donald J. Trump
@realDonaldTrump

11m
RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that hes got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!
Donald J. Trump
@realDonaldTrump

1h
So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isnt it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were hardliners, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!
Donald J. Trump
@realDonaldTrump

13h
.
@Scaramucci
, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by 
@SteveHiltonx
, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said No Thanks.

Lol!

I'ma tell em I was tryna take a fuckin' shit.  I was on the fuckin' toilet man.  What?  Wise Guys Ay?  Fuck em.  I got ESi and Taylor!

I got a dance from Taylor (Aria) for about 20 minutes, and that was the best way to spend part of my day.  

I shouldn't keep taking dissociative drugs.  I'm slowly poisoning myself, and I keep telling myself this, but I keep ignoring it because it's an easy escape from my pains of ADHD...  Huh.  What to do?  I mean, 3-MeO-PCP is a pretty good drug.  It's way better than any other dissociative, and it's a great tool to work.  Idk.  

If it came between choosing ESi and Taylor or dissociatives, I'd pick ESi and Taylor every time!  Do I need to choose?  Idk, as long as I can guarantee my safety, I'll be happy.  I mean, those rappers and hollywood bigshot actors seem to do it too.  All I know is I want the security of myself and my friends (if only ESi and Taylor could be my friends).  I just wanna be happy, but I don't wanna drag my friends into my shit, ya know.  I don't know.  It seems like as long as I'm an upstanding guy, I can do what I want on the lowdown!  I'm not afraid of jail, but what's the point of sitting in my cell until my cell is no more?  I'ma do what I want and keep it lowkey.  Eventually, I feel pressure in my forebrain, I cry, and my hallucinations look down on me.  Do you remember your dark magician reaper girl Joseph?  She stared you down in the face...  FACE DOWN IN THE FUCKIN 3-MeO-PCP haha.  Listening to Face Down by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus.  It's true; I'm slowly poisoning myself...  3-MeO-PCP may be the least dangerous disso, but it still does some harm in the end.  It is rather surprising I am able to binge 3-MeO-PCP for months at a time with no consequences.  The sigma 1 agonism mitigates the damage done by NMDA antagonism, but it is not enough in the end!  3-MeO-PCP is a good drug.  It gave me lots of things.  I built so much stuff with it.  I forged so many desires with it.  I can keep them with me.  I don't know what to do with 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm willing to do whatever it takes to keep a girlfriend secure in my bed!  I'm going to take a 14 day break minimum from 3-MeO-PCP.  I'll stick to psychedelics for now.  I need to find a new apartment!

August 11, 2020: Okay, fuck that.  I won't listen to anyone but me.  I just slept like 14 hours yo.  I really needed sleep.  I'm feeling way better.  I love my journal haha.  The box has more than 2 sides.  Talk to the lamp my son.  It will guide you to Bugs Bunny.
His treasure is great.  Bugs Bunny could be a dragon.  Kowalski, like a Koalaski, means blacksmith in Polish.  The Russians manufactured the virus.  They already have the vaccine!  The Russians really didn't like what the Chinese were doing.

Tennessee Valley Authoritah
Lol I watched too much TV when I was a kid.  Not really.  Watching TV is for children.

I feel like fucking Archduke Ferdinand right now.  I got some new flip flops, and I got help trying them on from a lovely lady working in the store next to the Publix.  They said maricon (faggot) in Publix when I was there.  They played something like MIA too.  WTF!  Lit!  Some lady asked if I was okay on the walk back to my house.  Weird stuff lol.  I know I'm being watched.  Lol.  This is what I've learned from Plastic Nee-san: I'm a green army tank castle swirling red and white with a side of two green dot stuff box.

I'm replaying Dark Souls 3.
I'm going to be runnin' the fuckin' Zweihander, 2 hander.  I used the Uchigatana in the original Dark Souls.  It was quick.  Like Sasuke. Lol!  I just uploaded my new rsum to Linkedin.

Steve Jabs, Time Apple.
I'm applying for jobs right now on Linkedin.  

My phone number is 414-241-3152.  

I browse Newgrounds a lot recently.  I started browsing it when I was like 10 or something.  It's lit.  It inspired me to pirate Adobe Flash and make an Asteroids clone.  It was a red asteroids clone.  "What is diss?" quoth Josh Gonzales' dad.  I wrote this on a Newgrounds movie: Shantaerial is beautiful just the way she dances! What is diss?  It was about ESi and Aria (Taylor).  OMG!  I love this!  Aya I got a boner yo.  

My collection of research:
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9408919
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6082376/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2814854/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5738444/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22288409
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28990373
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3137201/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3816684/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3816696/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27085203
https://www.nature.com/articles/1395600
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26272667
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4340074/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4425723/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4425723/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2626918/
https://www.nature.com/articles/tp201411
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28597409/

Ichigo is eye position go in Germanese.

I'm blackina jesus!

I'm pretty sure Lil Boosie saw my website from New Orleans.  He said we gotta be careful!  Lololol!  I'm keepin' quiet.  I just made my own cut of Quiet by Gucci Mane (mayne), and I downloaded POV Hot Girls Compilation from PornHub.

Depressions are always the best time to invest because the econony cyclically trends upward!  

One day, I want to own a strip club with VR headsets in the private rooms.  That would be interesting.  You could get a lap dance with some flashy stuff too.  Or maybe instead of VR, AR!  You get lights and stuff painted on the girls and you, customized by AI.  Maybe the girl has tattoos painted on her at one point.  Neon and black lights?  

I almost got run over as I was crossing the street.  Again.  AS A FUCKING JOKE.  I HATE GOING OUTSIDE.  This woman was looking right at me as she inched into me... wtf... not cool...

August 13, 2020: Welcome to the Jungle is about a meat packing plant.  Fine, have it your way.  Burger King.  Chess me.  I can checkmate a game of chess in 3 moves.  I'm going to make a sexy red devil woman with her bra and panties traced in white and black, black tattoos of a silvery outline covering her body formed of black shadows.  


Mary Joyce just harrassed me.  I got the whole thing on camera.  In Metro Exodus, I'm both colonels.  I knew that once I saw it, but it's beautiful to write it down in addition.  I remember the family of rainbow raccoons I saw in my TV when it was off on 25I-NBOH, LSD, and 3-MeO-PCP!  It was beautiful.  I also remember seeing a rainbow lion in my new apartment on 25I-NBOH and 3-MeO-PCP!  I remember feeling a whirly feeling in my head when I was on 25I-NBOH, LSD, 5-MeO-MiPT, and 3-MeO-PCP!  It was amazing, and outside my window I gazed into a upside down trifoce face looking at me in the yellow streetlight outside.

I do believe when you die, you create and release DMT.

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/pdf/10.1021/jo00338a001

A throwback to my post on bluelight about my trip on ~1mg LSD, 150 mg MDMA, and 3g shrooms extract.

I've tried these 2C's in this order: 2C-B, 2C-T-2, 2C-E, 2C-C.  My favorite so far is 2C-E.  I've had about 700 mg of it in total.  I once took 42 mg of 2C-E and experienced an adrenaline rush as my world exploded into black and white shards!  It was beautiful!  Then I played pool in a basement, but as I hit the cue ball I leaned back a bit because it was like I was at the beach playing volleyball with girls around me!  I once took 42 mg of 2C-T-2 and I saw a massive swirling spire of fire form with my eyes closed beholding the sun as I was being buried in the sand by my friends on the beach.  I saw a small black and white dog lying down looking at me from a TV screen, and it melted to the left as if were made of waves in the ocean!  I'm currently experimenting with 2C-C, and I love it!  

I'm also in the process of creating a 3D game called Infernight; this story like Dark Souls entails a wolf climbing a shadowy mountain to regain the light and tread down into the black abyss.

I saw a big blimp like the Hindenburg when I was on an epic amount of 3-HO-PCP and hearing myself as a god. I presented myself as a solar eclipse blimp in my bed.

You can have whateva ya won't, but ya betta not take it from me; I'm a bossman, Joseph Richard Cantrell!

  ESi!

Meditate through 666 chilly makers.  Heeyah~! Easy!

There's something special in my future on October 25, 2020.  Its national girlfriend appreciation day, so I assume that's when I might get a girlfriend or something.  Perhaps sooner!  I have 50k toward my Tesla!

Bunny Souls!  In Infernight, you can play the game again as a bunny the second time around.  The third time, you can play as a dragon.  Next, you can draw your own character to play as.  You do this in VR by drawing your character.  You can draw whatever you want in white on a black piece of paper surrounded by white fire!  It's a book!  A flaming book!  Gotta phuck em all!  Gotta Spyroball!  Who all C da leprechaun say AAA!  I remember Ms. Saunders taught me about Dracula.  She taught me how to analyze literature!  I know how to win a game of chess in 3 moves.  I learned that in 7th grade!  A say, in ma Irish accent, this is how ya baptize kids name Koil {Kyle}.

Real to there is no Real left. 

I just played Dark Souls 3.  There's redneck shit in there.  We gon' get a backhoe, an' we gon' uproot dat tree right dare.  Dark Souls 3!  I took a screenshot.  Lol!  Damned if ya do, and damned if ya don't - Patricia Ann Cantrell!

Well Verizon sent me ~$2350.  So.  Now I have 52k!  I see ra aina reardrlk s teardrops gone noting wil lshe se haps esher shape of all jewels.  Nothing is Sacred when no when saved.  No i s real still!  My dick is huge haha!  I got another dance from Aria (Taylor) at the club.  It was awesome! I have 25 days to get the hell out of here.  Aiight.  No problem.  

XFINITY SHIT: jcantrell32 ; woodyfence69

I just saw a dissociative reference in Case Closed (Detetive Conan) in the Moonlight Sonata episode!  Of course, Richard Moore is tranquilized every episode.  I caught an MDA reference in the Rich Lady House on fire two parter episode!  I just snorted some 3-MeO-PCP.  But!  I feel norepinephrine someway.  I think I just took 2-MeO-PCP.  I'm sure of it.  I took a little bit of it.  I feel it.  I'm hungry as hell.  I just released norepinephrine. Sombitch.  a la vie  la mort.  I got that from Borderlands 3.  It means til death do us apart!  Whew.  I enjoyed Borderlands 3 and quit at the windmill.  I'm patiently waiting for DLC 4!  I remember playing Civ V, starting Berlin in fuckin' Singapore.  I was attacked by the USA back to my capital of Berlin.  They took 3 cities of mine.  I churned out troops and fought them back.  After annexing the USA (China), I worried about my neighbors to the west.  I forged cities west into Turkey.  I forged north and south and built railroads and such to move speedily.  Then, the Ottomans attacked from the north (Russia).  I fight them back, but as I'm fighting them, India (Africa) invades me at the Sinai Peninsula, the Gulf of Suez.  I absorb several city states around me and discovery nuclear weapons.  I launch nuclear war against the Ottomans and decimate them.  I annex their territory (Russia), and now I am essentially the Mongolian Empire of old.  I descend into India's Africa nuking places as I go.  This is where I lost the save file!  I was out to conquer the planet haha!  Aria said tengo to me.  What does she have?  

I should tell Aria the number 31 according to Dying Light.  

I just made an awesome sandwich with French onion dip, turkey breast, pepperjack cheese, lettuce, cheddar and sour cream ruffles, and queso blanco dip.  I call it the Noir sandwich.

August 16, 2020: Meh, I've always been a fan of a rehabilitation first policy for things beyond people's control. Most pedophiles have a disorder in their brain, much like gay folk. Some are merely wicked folk and deserve to be punished with prison. Regardless, nobody should suffer vigilante justice. The shit street shoots both ways!  So long as you retain faith in yourself, nothing can stop you!  C'est la vie, or such is life in French.  Positivity is a virtue!  You can be born a willow and grow into an oak, or vice versa!  Red robins love sweets!

Those who call me avatar know not what they're lookin' 4! Illusionist in everyone! IN EVERYONE!

discord.gg/AWs9kgu

I just made the best sandwich of my life.  The true Noir Sandwich.  A plain double cheeseburger from mcdonalds with cheddar n sour cream ruffles and queso blanco dip & french onion dip!  It gets better!  I can add bacon and peppers!  I've been playing lots of Dark Souls 3 on 3-MeO-PCP.  It's lovely!

I finally found that Detective Conan episode concering rigor mortis:
rigor mortis  ;  /rir mrds/  ;  nounMEDICINE
stiffening of the joints and muscles of a body a few hours after death, usually lasting from one to four days.

The first time I beat Vordt of the Boreal Valley, it took me like 25 tries when I was playing in 2016 at ZBT.  This time in 2020, after I've had sex with ESi and Aria, I masterfully defeated the vagina monster Vordt of the Boreal Valley on my first try!  Whereas I beat the first boss expertfully on my first try at ZBT, it took me about 10 tries to beat the first boss of Dark Souls 3 in 2020!  

Nigger Mortis!

Be careful!  Nigger Smalls is watching you in the mirror! 

August 17, 2020: I remember listening to Breathless waiting at my bus stop when I was in 9th grade.  I remember I was thinking of my amphetamine and how it left me breathless... haha!  I was standing at the corner just down the street across from the shady boarded up house at the bottom of the steep hill I crashed my bike and flew up about 5 feet in the air on.  It was cold.  I remember listening to Digital Renegade a lot on the bus, and showing it to Kim Dortch and Ashley Dortch.  I remember listening to #FUCK and King for a Day a lot.  I remember listening to Asking Alexandria a ton.  I remember Chris Cincaid introducing me to Bullet For My Valentine.  Josh G showed me Attack Attack! and Asking Alexandria.  Lit.  I showed Josh Rosa Hollywood Undead and Borderlands lol.  Lit.  I showed Farita Tasnim Space Enough to Grow, Insatiable, and A Toast to the Future Kids!  I remember showing my mom the song The Fight Inside and telling her I loved the play on words of "coursing" and "cussing" through my veins.  Haha.  I remember she found all my comics and read my 90,000 words thing Krelzor's Quest.  That publisher never got her hands on it!  She read all my good short stories and humor haha.  It was great!  I do love my momma Patricia Ann Cantrell!  I remember playing Epic War 3 to that song while on the way back from Duke TIP and Michael Jackson had died at Linda Fisher's house!  Damn son!  She had a sunroof window that was super cool and I watched some of Se7en but got bored.  I remember playing the drums when I was a kid and showing my mom Echoes by Lovehatehero and saying I wanted to learn to play guitar like that (she said it sounded more like drums {it's a combo!}).  I remember showing Taylor the kid across the street Too Little, Too Late (also Crystal) and jamming it to San Andreas a ton.  

Ha, I am merely an Atheist of Merlin's dreams.
AKA AlerionM21
101010
is 42 in my momma's language
101010
101010
101010
You can't unsee such beauty
What do the numbers mean Mason?
Ah, see they mean what you want
Quoth the negren, "Nevermore..."
'Tis the exorcism of Joseph Cantrell
Such powers of god compel Him
'Sup?
What's good ya'll?

I have now slain Irina to claim the tower key and ascend atop the world of the Firelink Shrine!  A cold wind whistles in my ears as I attain a Firekeeper Soul.  After giving Irina's Ashes to the seller lady, she tells me she is being rather prate; she was being overly verbose by being prate.  Ah, to be prate is to be overly verbose; so I am told by relinquishing Irina's Ashes to the seller at Firelink Shrine.  Haha, I'm a Black Mamba, but crossbreeded with spitting cobra of the Nile!

Untrumpable Is a Free Windows and Android Game for You! ; woodyfencerAreborn is my new Reddit name. 

I'm the last god, and my goddess shines me! Dude!  I saw Bill Cosby stoned with Matt Torrance and Jason, and I passed out laughing during the performance!  Lit af!  I laughed so hard I took a nap in the theatre!  Punk Goes Pop

I went to the Platinum Club.  I saw Lees and got a private dance from her.  We were going to have sex (she speaks Spanish), but I didn't have enough money (it's $200).  So I paid my $50 for the dance and then I see ESi, so I get a 20 minute dance from her and giver her $40 plus a $2 tip.  It was lit.  I went to Smoothie King where I got The Hulk protein chotolate strawberry blend smoothie.  I ate some cheddar protein chips with 16 grams of protein.  I stopped to dunk them in my smoothie on my walk back from the club.  It's lit.  I love it, and I love ESi!  I got home and ate a Krispy Kreme donut dunked in the smoothie!  All ESi!

Susan B. Anthony is to be pardoned by Donald Trump!  "It was we the people, not we the white, male citizens, nor yet we male citizens, but we the whole people, who formed this Union," she said in her speech.  She was arrested for voting as a woman.

August 19, 2020: I took 42 mg 3-MeO-PCP up my nose when I woke up 3 hours ago.  Diss Oaken Nigga in Dark Souls 3 has a trick hole down below haha!  I must claim his souls!  I have now enhanced my power level with 15 mg of 3-MeO-PCP, and I am confident I shall rain hell upon my foe!  I've made some progress in Dying Light, but I'm still clubbing zombies instead of cleaving them!  Lol!  I want a girlfriend!  Haha!  I'm Dracula or something like him.  Women love me!  I hope I meet Ms. Saunders from CHS one day.  She got me to read so many cool books like Frankenstein and Dracula!  I'm making more stuff.  I just jammed out to My Apocalypse by Escape the Fate.  I was improvising on my guitar and singing.  Then I played the A 4 Andrew riff I know to make sure I keep my skills! 

I'm rewatching Naruta, and real ninjas say Jakra! (Jyakyra!). I just ate some wingnuts garlic parmesan ranch and chipotle ranch dipped chicken with my all my spicy peppers (that includes Carolina Reaper and Trinidad Moruga Scorpion) in the sauce! 10/10! That's some good food! Naturo*.  I'm thinking hey isn't this easy?  I'm a lotta folk, I like some things, and most things I don't like.  Naruto came out when I was 10.  I remember watching it when I was 12.  I remember watching Bleach as well.  Case Closed was first made on January 8, 1996.  I saw it in like June 2004, so I was like 8!  

I'm watching Bleach now.  I only wanted the first few episodes of Naruto.  Ichigo is eye position go in Germanese.

It is all coming clear now.  DMT is a simulation of norepinephrine release.  5-MeO-DMT actually releases norepinepherine!  Haha!  I saw the rainbow owl eyes unfurl into me when I was also on 3-MeO-PCP.  Hahaha!  And Rukia is the Cuchi, the pussycat girl!  Pants on the ground! What ya me ta do wi diss, eat it? Phonies! GROUND! Nobody wants your autobiography, phonies

I'll never forget Paca41!  That's what my mama told me!  It also goes Paca14!  She told me that too!  I'll never forget my Miss Momma Patricia Ann Cantrell Paca Trisha Momma!

The greatest path isn't always easy, but it's always easy in the end.  I feel zenful.  

Here are some apartments in midtown:
(404) 383-5488 
The Pointe at Lindbergh

I combined the wingnuts sauce with all my peppers (cayenne plus 5 of the hottest peppers around, Carolina Reaper, Ghost Pepper, Trinidad Moruga Scorpion, Volcano Dust, and 7 Pot Primo), Quesco Blanco Dip, and French Onion Dip.  I'm unstoppable in the kitchen yo!
I had garlic parmesan ranch and chipotle ranch wingnuts with fries.  I just ordered the Fatalii pepper, Chocolate Habanero pepper, and 7 Pot Jonah pepper.

Well I posted this in reponse to a Newgrounds thingy.  Give me the gold!  We gone get a backhoe, and uproot diss tree!  For sure the dying of the light will not go gently into that night.  I shall rage against the dying of the light, for I am a master of my own will; in eternity I shall create my own world of peace and solace within evermore.  So fuck a book and look at my dance!  Lolololx3; cast away the demon sperm!  1010101x3!  You can't kill the beast for it lies within the fuck her right in the pussy!  Wow.  Well this was quite inspiring, ya filthy animatrals!  I got more peppers; we goin' Trinidad Moruga Scorpioniareaper!  

<amp day> August 20, 2020: I'ma make Prophet Launcher free for a day on Sep. 11.  Any publicity is good publicity at this stage; I've sold about 12 copies.  I just snorted some MDMA.  I jacked off in only 3.5 minutes!  It usuaully takes me about 30 minutes right now.  I felt lightning on my forehead like Harry Potter yo.  Damn son.  It felt good.  It feels like my forebrain is developing in someway.  I feel so much.  I feel so powerful listening to Welcome Home by Coheed and Cambria.  

Here laid to rest is our love evermore; you seem to take presence to all that we love as we're fabricating of our whole world subsumed 'neath our foreshade nevermore!  I'll breathe me in!  Rage against that dying of your light Joseph Cantrell, my Alerion!  I vaped three times easy peasy, four lights I'm at my computer, five lights I'm moving the mouse to do stuff, and six lights I'm smoking by myself making stuff.  Never forget Brian, Raechel's dad.  I remember staying with him when my momma was somewhere like North Carolina or something.  I remember watching Johnny Bravo and Freddy vs. Jason with him.  Lit af.  That guy was cool as hell.  Brian always tried really hard, but it didn't work out sometimes.  I remember him making me bacon, eggs, SOS, grits, all that stuff haha.  He showed me computer games and stuff too.  Math games, cycling games.  There was an apple tree Raechel and I broke.  There were the dogs Ally and Raven. They were awesome.  There was another dog, but I've forgotten his name.   I remember Keri showed me all these different religions and stuff, but I was already an atheist.  She had Bear, and then Lestat.  Keri was a metalhead haha!  She was getting into Black Veil Brides.  She liked the Atreyu, Asking Alexandria, and Attack Attack! I showed her.  

August 21, 2020: 4 Ms Yeas; R You Ready?!  Are You Ready?  We Are Going to Build a Wall Along Our Southern Border.  The hand of god strikes victory again.  I've made a new book collectable pic for Untrumpable.  I've posted it all over the internet haha!

As President Number 45, President Donald J. Trump, tap to dodge fake news and collect the truth of the world above to score evermore.  Untrumpable is a game parodying Donald Trump.  This is my first game created with the Godot game engine and is a 2D tapping game.

Don't be sad fake news; there's always more to come!

The dove peaces hands for the win of the world!  Still serving eggs whole for the girls' grill!  Water Trumpers Unite!  Woah, take it ES, yo!  Reddit is fake and gay.  Good news everyone!  It's just like Maximum Overdrive!  Predata is in the trees arching his redneck!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egJyocw2hrw
Haha, I knew it all along; quercetin can't be for queers 'cause we zinc'd em.  All snowflakes touch alike unlike any others!  Orange energy is not creative energy, except the sun is orange potatoes!  Because idiots don't know what's acceptable and what isn't, we can't have nice things all the time.

Untrumpable notes:
4 Ms Yeas; R You Ready?!  Are You Ready?  We Are Going to Build a Wall Along Our Southern Border.  The hand of god strikes victory again.  I've made a new book collectable pic for Untrumpable.

Updated fonts

I kissed a girl, and I liked it; the taste of her cherry chapstick don't mind it!  It doesn't matter; you're my experimental game, just human nature!  My momma always wanted Jeff Gordon to win the Nascar! He's makin' a right turn!  Let the cheezits fall!  Down with the tyrants, for we are money!  Always eat the orange pill in the matrix!  Andrew Jackson said the mail must go through!  I'm married; 2 myself!  Two hearts rosed 100 wizard rolly laughs!  I enjoy the company of myself more than any other.  Yep, it's https; hit pussy.

I am merely an extraordinary man and nothing more.

Free butterfree la squirrelima!

I'm going to make a harpy girl enemy as the final boss of Prophet Launcher in the name of ESi!
Hmmm.  So they deleted https://www.newgrounds.com/art/view/alerionm21/4-mas-yeas-r-you-ready-are-you-ready.  I snuck a reference to my game Untrumpable in there.  Some people saw it.  And it's gone now.  Huh.  I suppose I shouldn't give away my real identity on Newgrounds.  There's a far cry to shovel off demon seeds in this squirrel.  mmm, ai d'dragon!  And He Said, "The Mail Must Go Through."

I remember in my 5-MeO-DMT experience, it was as if I as being pulled from my bed by some gentle force of euphoric beauty that was within me the whole time.  

August 22, 2020: Rage against the burning of the street's machinelight!  Shafts of white mystical leaflets peer through the arced city street lines.  I won't forget all the time I spent farming for souls as the Oakwood monster pelted me after raising the banner, having defeated Vordt of the Boreal Valley.

I found the state of the darkweb:
 The State of the Darkweb
by /u/Se7en Head Moderator  1 week ago* in /d/EmpireMarket
As many of you already know. Empire Market left Dread about a month ago due to disagreements of how they were handing situations here, i didn't feel it was necessary to go into anymore detail and focused only on creating a forum for Empire Market instead. Which i'm proud to state is getting about 1000 registrations a day.

However, recently much more information has come to light and i feel the community deserves to know about a group of markets and individuals that are putting the community at risk. In their short-term thinking they might think these actions benefit themselves, but the real beneficiaries are law enforcement and agency investigations, who love what they do. Read this post to the end because it all links together.

BIG BLUE MARKET (godman666)
This market is co-adminstrated by BigBlueOdeon and godman666. godman666 is someone that has been phishing users for a long time, he was a forum moderator on the old Empire Forum, and was kicked off the forum only a week later after we realized how scummy he was. He extorts and black mails vendors for fun. He runs multiple fake darkfail clones. Most of this is already public knowledge. It's why Big Blue Market was ignored by dark.fail and darknetlive.com. It's why Dread removed their ad. Big Blue Market is entirely funded through funds obtained through phishing and extorting vendors. godman666 has also bragged to me about sending information to law enforcement, he does then whenever he thinks it will benefit him in anyway. Another one of godman666's achievements is spreading disgusting FUD, one example is spreading pedo FUD against me and HugBunter. Over the last year he has had upwards of 100 accounts banned on Dread for phishing spam and FUD. I don't know much about BigBlueOdeon, but i do know that he knows the truth about godman666 and is supportive of his actions. For a lot more information on this. /u/MonopolyOfficial has done an excellent job on bringing awareness to how Big Blue Market is rotten to it's core. Shame on any site still supporting Big Blue Market, most noticeably, their biggest supporter: OnionDotLive.
/post/bd222d1be78a6adc9f3a
/post/6b94435ca0be6aff3c71

ENIGMA MARKET (Stackz420)
This market is administrated by Stackz420. A long time ago there was somewhat of a friendship between Stackz420 and some Empire Staff members. There was no major beef and he even had FE privileges on the market. He had found minor bugs much earlier before his ban and he was paid generously for those bug reports. However, it turned out through that entire duration of months he was collecting info in an attempt to dox Empire Staff. This all came to light when he tried demanding ridiculous sums of money for a new minor bug and threatened us claiming he knew our identities. He was banned, obviously. For the following months he went on back-to-back FUD campaigns, DDoS attempts, and of course, further dox attempts. When he tells people what happened, he says he was simply banned for trying to report a bug and that we stole his "30k" in escrow, he never had anything close to that in escrow on Empire. If not called out for that he sticks with the 30k escrow story, if he is called out he pivots and claims his listings were worth 30k, which is pretty funny.
/post/a6a4cf176c3467d7568f
He made several more posts just like that.

VERSUS MARKET (Witchman05 & SamCulper)
This market is ran by WilliamGibson with help from Witchman05/BadMedicine and SamCulper/TimothyLeary. Both Witchman05 and TimothyLeary were Dread staff members and they both left in disgrace. It was recently revealed that before Witchman05 was removed he was saving and archiving Dread mod logs as well as other data available through Dread moderator tools. He has been actively using that data in an attempt to connect identities, twist facts and spread FUD, but most importantly, he is actively using that data to assist in dox attempts against his competitors. All of that data was also given to Stackz420 to assist in his dox attempts against Empire Staff.
Witchman05's posts were removed, however Paris' replies still confirms this happened:


    I'm removing this because it's private information which nobody can verify which will create a lot of FUD. Witchman you know the reason why we have that and it's not to be used in that way.



    Before I remove this FUD ridden reply I'll answer your questions. At the start I don't know what the fuck you are talking about, maybe something you said with hug but never to me. The whole system is's designed to prevent spam and manipulation. I didn't know you tracked down the guys house, if that is in fact true. Never screened your PMs. I do talk shit but I also back up my shit.


/post/15a8dc27916a29a413a4/#c-61bfbf814c984d0545
/post/15a8dc27916a29a413a4/#c-26d240a876c6905092
Witchman05 used to be a respectable figure on Dread. He actively banned dozens of godman's alts spamming phishing messages, he was against phishing and doxing. He has since done a complete 360, he is now friends with godman and actively tries to dox his competitors.


MODERATOR WITH LE CONTACTS WORKING ON MULTIPLE MARKETS (Syndicate/VII/Linda/Lynda/Layla)
This individual is a close friend to ALL of the people mentioned above. Before he was a moderator on Big Blue Market, most likely Versus Market, former subdread moderator for DeepSea Market and a former moderator on Envoy(He tried to get a job on every market he can using several alias'). He was obsessed on trying to destroy Torum through any means necessary. As some of you already know, the Torum administrator was a friend of mine and i even helped him with hosting advice. He ran Torum for many years and kept it non-profit, which i think is pretty respectable. Throughout a long period of time this individual tried extorting Torum Staff, Torum sent me most of the messages sent to him from Layla and we laughed at them; this is a short snippet of a larger message logs, sent from Layla to Torum, this message in particular was Layla trying to get the Torum Administrator into helping Layla cover all of Layla's tracks on Torum:


    Are you Muslim? Why the fuck my accounts aren't deleted form your shitty
    forum? Why are you keeping my accounts and posts, when I'm no longer
    associated with you, are you that obsessed that you can't forget or
    forgive me ever? If you want me not to disrupt you, you need to delete my
    accounts or unban me, this ends here, i've nothing to lose, i got
    everything what i wanted, you've everything to lose, i'll steal all your
    users one by one, all senior members, with their alts, not only i'll harm
    Torum, i'll harm Empire, steal all good vendors one by one, i'll start a
    "phish empire, get reward" campaign, I'll pay to all good writers,
    bloggers(who covered story about Wozniak trolls, FUD makers, to write
    pretty nice reviews about Empire. You under-estimate me, i was left with
    no support and i've support of all the powerful people on Tor. Now, i've
    best DDoS group, i've best hacking group(Stackz is my partner we are
    starting a hacking forum name will be TATA- The Anti Torum Alliance) and
    kings of phishing, also have contact with those bloggers and few actual
    LE's, you're fucked from every-side. If you delete all my accounts with
    posts, i'll leave you and won't disturb you, even i'll leave Tor
    completely or I'll leave Tor when either of you or fire2 or Se7en will be
    in jail. You've still chance to make the right choice.



That above message only represents about 1% of the total messages sent from Layla to Torum. When i sent the full logs to f0rtuna, he corroborated the messages and verified they were real. He removed Layla as a moderator on Envoy and banned him. This didn't go down well with Witchman05, who started threatening to kick f0rtuna off Envoy, which is pretty ironic as f0rtuna actually created Envoy and does all the heavy lifting. Witchman05 claimed he would launch a new Envoy to overshadow the original Envoy. After this f0rtuna removed Witchman05 as co-admin on Envoy completely. However after a few days passed and Witchman05 cooled down, he was re-instated as co-admin, but with limited privileges. More recently i briefly called Witchman05 out for that, and he had the nerve to say f0rtuna has done nothing for Envoy and called him a back-stabbing bastard for going against his wishes.

CONCLUSION
The only thing Witchman05, Stackz420, godman666 and Layla have in common is that they all lie through their teeth about anything and will do whatever it takes to attempt to hurt anyone if it benefits them in anyway, even if that means, in some cases, co-operating with law enforcement investigations.

As far as i'm aware /u/HugBunter and /u/Paris are NOT involved with any of the above. I disagree a lot about how they are handing the situations here. But i do believe HugBunter and Paris both have good intentions.

It's not all doom and gloom. There is still good. White House Market and Monopoly Market are two examples of markets that have grown fairly, without spreading FUD or spam advertising themselves. For those reasons i have nothing but respect for /u/mr_white and /u/MonopolyOfficial. dark.fail and darknetlive.com are another two examples of superb websites providing selfless services to the community.

Throughout 2018 and early 2019, when literally every other market was exiting one after the other, we were the only market that stayed loyal to the community. I think at this point, after all the community has endured, we can all agree with the message: Fuck phishers. Fuck doxers. Fuck LE co-operators. Long Live the Empire.  


To overcome is to give in, so I wrote to my Ece Onay in the darkness!  I feel the MDMA again at 11:38*MDA....  #FUCK.  I'm playing the song right now haha.  Nova Prospekt?  YEA WHAT YA FAIL!

My eye is opening again!  The MDA.  I feel it too much.  I have a slight headache.  I blew my nose and spit some stuff out, and I feel better!  Lit!  I cleaned my nose out with water.  I ate a cosmic choclate brownie of the gods and now here I sit on my fancy ass!

I miss my Ece Onay (Anna) so much right now.  I've been a sharkwhale for a while now.  Yalp, it was finished well from the start.

Why waste the clocks blues away when you have the colors of the white light to blossom afray?  Lol, what do two squirrels know about the lord and savior Jesuphus?

I'm having a blast on newgrounds.  66 percent of the sound volumes in this audio need to live it through.  Kucky fried boondocks have nothing on brown Jesuphus of late.  He is the newest prophet to save this world and nourish souls to heaven and away from the fake hell.  Wait, we're done because we're here in heaven already.  There is at least one participation trophy in this shit pipe; I'ma be in this swamp like a shrieking call of the fuckers.  This is my swamp now.  Lol.  Ya fuckers!  Gotta fuck em all gotta fuck em all; ya fuckers!  Dude, why do peeps always assume you got what ya ain't got? Well, you gotta assume that you're not assuming anymore! Da da da da! Da Da... Da!

I'm higher than I could ever be (metaphorically speaking).  I am also hungry; I have quenched my thirst quite well, and I shall quench it well evermore!  My milkshakes bring all the girls to the yard, and they're like, "Damn son, it's betta than yours; we're gonna have to teach you, but we won't charge!"

Perhaps my age is eternity; I come from a place so dark they don't shine light there anymore.  I can kick eternity, and it might well kick back.  I have a certain fondness for the Boreal Valley, and it lies within my very soul, which I forged of cells long forgotten.  It's all been done with my middle finger, but there is no hope for those which seek to revel in getting up my tree.  There is a similarity in how my face crowns, for eternity forever stupifies the weak.  My inevitable death is not for sale, and though the Earth may keep turning round two lanes turned sharp, my keen determination of detail thinks the stars shine an asterisk back unto thee; young speed readers like to spread peace in their mind.  A simple toy is evolution, and like a legion these ants spring forth to ignore middle fingers like ash to the phoenix eye.  To point the finger at me is to open one's mind to what they seek within from me, and to point my finger unto you is heresy; a trader must trade only what he is willing to trade.  Sad virtues are for the simple minded, and weak wills must find stronger souls to quench their thirst for nothing at all.  The pink light divides us all, yet it need not defy death to live that spark of life granted in its rest.  You need not search for happiness in your youth, for eternity shall give happiness unto those who seek it rightfully so.  Anger is but a figment of the mind to be relinquished into what you make of it.  Laughter may be an ancient trick, but it is a simple smile that may brighten anyone's day; the butterflies flicker in the night, and truly they shine fluttering through my right.  Are you ready?  Are you really read there sun?  Pues, aqu vengo a tango!

For a brief instant, I saw myself in a rainbow silhoutte; I float on down my river lol'ing to myself in such eloquent adoration for my shadow's light!  Do I really know you Joseph?  Does my chain hit my chest when I'm banging on your temple?  I see so much yet so little escapes my grasp... I see a blue spark when I opened my eyes to the world again; so let's make a toast here to Joseph cause karma's some bitch, right?  And though I ate a cheeseburger and cosmic brownie to Send Help and Observer by The Acacia Strain, as I write this, I wonder if I shall ever grow to love soon enough.  Surrender your life to the witch, Joseph Richard Cantrell.  She is all you have in this abyss; the abyss may seem to reach evermore, but nevermore shall the abyss shine like it does today in the night of 4:39:49.  I see myself looking up and crowned in the mist with white eyes shining like the wolf in my Infernight and a witchful smile befitting merely a god.  My silent scream shall never die!

I have written quite a lot
Haha
Stuck an observer I suppose
Aren't we all?
Haha

Haha, bury me in an aimless gravy with mashed potatoes!  Uncle twiggletoes, ya fuckin' mashed potatoes are fuckin' overdo!  Cheerio old mate; you'll find love one of these days shortly!  'Tis the truth within!  Por que la oscura?  I thank it's time I open up the window of my eyes!  I've seen my own eye in rainbow beauty.  Haha.  

And yet, where do I find the time?
Send Halp
I am the hunger of the void
Haha, swallow my sweet nihilistic nothingnesses of all infinitesimal dissipation of everything's nothing.
Frozen breath, biding to death, covering my blue shaken white eye stricken blood red down to it's black core of blue cynicism at the world's last sight.
For there is no right to call wrong my aimful atrocity attracting mere mist-treaden footsteps shading deadpan stoicism bequeathing only what fits my godless god 'neath a river fading a foxy hope everblue midst such maddening mazes dying tender love's forsaken apex of ascent.  And why might I write such words though they coalesce beyond my grasp?  Am I waiting for the clock to suffice my query for my love?

These six walls can only enthrall my weary blight for so much longer; such life cannot sustain itself within my likening light, and in my yearning for the ever questing question outside, I find solace in the peace found nowhere but the inner supernovae of decaying atomic grandiosity.

And in making dragons destined to die herein heretical ambivalency, my attitude toward tetrical hedonism lies just within convalescence without the coalescence of my own dissipation of doubtful security securing merely my maniacal merit of a mission that might make the angels sing my own name for no silken arms opening an overly acute opening; I find such lovely time in my eyes' earning of an appetite forswearing those sworn for my perfect eye for a twisted blade of battleborn bloodright.  

I hope I've stomped your passion for the light outside.  I'll breathe my inner beauty beating a dark horse heart enthroned in your last heart.

It's so hard for me to let go of you my Ece, for O' you nay need no weary neigh of my soul; ah, nothing can stop my sights from setting in your eternal sun!  I hope you've enjoyed my meanderings through your beautiful discord.  GG!

In my solace, I find that I wish for love to greet me sooner than my wishful wights doomed for lustful lyres of anything's etchings; how do you seek to begin to question my beginning of your everything's commonalities sedating our very moreish moors of disconnecting harpies of cathartic hope's very finish?

And to write words you might find reflecting back to your maelstrom of tying winds we build a world crafting wars near nothing a lit light could send waves of otherworldly oscillations horizoning my setting of sundered splits among savory sweet skies raining the heavens of my etchings befitting a goddess of these missing ghastly gargantuan gavels handed up to your slivering smile of etching eternal nightly none tidings. 

Should I look myself in mine eyes' eyeing an etchful etching o'er nights sanded 'neath pearly fish of girls gone by attentive discretion?  Ha, we are here together alone; I kissed Ece Onay, and on naps of quick Quetzalcoatl lit she felt quite so right within her solace of my evernear peace.

I'm a liar
Haha
There is no stopping me
Is everything I've said the truth?
Of course not, and one would be silly to stand such truth in my hand.
You can divide me, but you may not combine me; you will bend to my sunshine above your mere reflections of my past.

Haha, staring into my own reflection, it shines a moving machine meddling inside your graceful touch of a generosity I've found fiddling; a fray alight intertwining my motionless hands swiftly slighting a sight for sure eyes kept well fed.  Haha, in my bed, can we take to the stars to highbang the whole charaid of nihilistic nights weary afront of our everlasting beauty?

Super special, my Ece etched on an eye forbidden to sing the songs of our perfect world!

I peer into the circlet of myself, but who peers back into my eyes but the longing of Ece Onay?  Anna, we must study together sometime!
I love writing for you
You inspire me to be great
Because I see greatness in my Ece
My faceless face laughs at me, for I know in my righteousness I lust for a lovely lady to cover our fortunes evermore!

I feel so much, and I hope I have offered you a keen eye in my world of lovely Joseph Cantrell. I aspire to be by your side, if I may rest in your head.

Endocytosis.

I love the place wherein there is nothing but a mere reflection of short-sighted lackadaisy shrine.  

Okay.  Let's sober up from dissos for a week.  I can do anything I want, as long as I don't dissociate!  So I'ma smoke and trippy trip trip for a week.  

Wow.  I said I wanted to stop dissociating.  What I meant is I want to limit my usage of 3-MeO-PCP.  I snorted like 50 mg of 3-MeO-PCP for fun.  That's just too much.  I shouldn't be doing such large doses of 3-MeO-PCP to black out.  I should use just enough 3-MeO-PCP to have fun.  I know this.  I keep doing large amounts of 3-MeO-PCP because I'm bored.  I should enjoy smaller doses.  I won't snort more than 30 mg at a time now.  That's my rule.

I remember buying acid from a girl in a tent.  They were 2 long strips.  I blacked out.  There were gunshots because people were shooting into the woods.  I jumped on the trampoline.  I thought the world was ending.  I thought I was about to jump off a roof, but in reality, I was kneeling in the grass.  I remember hitting eight cups of beer pong in a row.  I remmeber winning the game of beer pong with Ian.  I remember Connor driving the wrong way down the highway and backing up to take us back.  I was high af.  I remember  watching anime with Ian, getting bored, and listening to Sounds of a Playground Fading on the couch.  Lol.  I remember seeing the couch morph into something, but I'm not sure what.  Lol.  That was a night.  It was some party hosted by this girl hanging out at ZBT.  Tera or something.  She was black.  It was lit.  I met some fat dude named "Shady" while I was looking for acid.  He found those girls who lived in the tent haha.  I remember my time on 25I at Torrance's house.  I remember playing Pokemon Saphire in the living room with my friend Davante.  We would run around the streets.  I said throw that rock at someone you hate when we were at the top of the hill.  He hesitated, and then threw the rock at my shin.  I wobbled down the street, and he was saying, "Don't tail yo."  I told my momma, and he got in trouble.  I never hung out with him again.  We skateboarded down the street in the milk crate car and I hit my head on my birthday.  I got some blood from the stunt.  We were watching Code Lyoko on my TV in living room with Raechel too.  I remember Precious bit me in the stomach after I threw tons of bricks and wood at her.  She was almost put down, but she loved me, so it didn't happen.  Dixie got hit by a car when I was going to school.  I'll never forget when the lady reversed over my dog.  It was sad day.  I remember looking out while the neighorhood gang stole some stuff the pool.  They had to help me over the fence because I was too small haha!  They trapped me in a pit for like 5 minutes once.  It was a big hole they dug in backyard.  They were fucking with some hood shit.  I remember Davanate smoked a joint while I was walking back from the bus stop.  I rememeber jumping off the roof for fun to get an adrenaline rush.  Lol.  I was crazy.  I was paralyzed once, and I didn't jump off roofs again!  I rememeber putting my hand on a snake on the apex of 10 ft rocks.  I felt it, stared into it's eyes and they stood still.  I jumped down to Raechel and ran away.  I remember running down the creek away from child protective services. Lol!  I remember playing the game of life with Keri too.  I remember trying to go super sayan in my backyard haha.  I remember being electroctuded by the carport trying to use an extension cable.  I remember my momma left the key rolled up in a sack in the storage room haha.  I remember waiting as we played I Spy.  I remember playing those games around my medication.  I remember running out the beach at night after playing the drums and not being satisfied.  They knew something was wrong with me.  I was running around away from everyone.  I remember looking at the ground as Doctor Patel said, "You see?"  I remember headbutting my momma's stomach because I was a crazy kid.  They didn't know what to do with me.  Hahaha.  Adderall.  I rememeber Squeaky staring me down and telling me not to talk haha.  Shady shit haha.  I rememeber watching Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends, and then talking to Davante about it at like 9 am haha.  I was 9. I remember holding a big stick between my legs and saying "huh" in front of Davante and my mom on the left side of the carport grass.  I got in trouble for that haha!  Davanate told me not to do it to.  I remember Amanda beating Davanate with a ruler and he bled from the ear as he was pretending to hit me for calling him a nigger.  He called me a cracker first, so I called him a nigger, so he pretended to beat my ass.  He never hit me lol.  That whole situation sucked.  Nobody believed me.  I told Davante the truth, that he didn't hit me.  He knew I told the truth.  He respected me in the end.  We respected each other in the end.  I remember my Uncle beating my mom with his fist as she was kneeling on the ground.  I hit him, it did nothing, so I took a knife and destroyed the water bed.  I think I called the cops or something. I ran out the back door and hid.  I remember being drug out of the red wood stacked up against the back fence; I was hiding in there because I didn't want to be punished lol.  I remember seeing my dog's skeleton underneath the white shed... lol... so many memories.  I remember digging a large hole in the basement.  It haunted me for a while lol.  I wouldn't look through the missing brick to see the puddle in the basement.  I remember crawling along the basement and being scared of snakes and roaches and monsters and Michael Myers and Freddy Kreuger.  I remember dreaming I would conquer the creek and the hills around the creek with my bike lol.  I remember fishing for tadpoles in the creek all the time.  remember going so far as Kendrick High School down that creek!  I was like Steve Irwin.  I remember getting stuck by a piece metal and it hurting, so I ran back down to my house and rest on my couch.  I took a nap.  I remember one time I woke up dreaming people were holding me down like at the doctor, and I woke up shouting, "get the fuck off of me!" when my mother was on the couch sleeping next to me in the afternoon.  I remember running away from child protective services in the creek and hiding for about 2 hours until the police left.  They said I could stay because I was determined.  I remember my Aunt Vickie reported my momma to the CPS.  They asked me questions in the school.  "Does your mom feed you?" I answered, "Sometimes..." smiling my head down into my shoulder.  It made me uncomfortoratble.   Haha.  I remember my momma telling me everything I told the police at the school.  "Sometimes..."  lol she was holding that paper and freaking out with her glasses on and everything.  I was stupified, and thinking what am I supposed to say?  She said she would make me sandwiches whenever I asked and stuff.  I remember her crying over that a lot.  She said, well, you told them the truth and that's good.  It all worked out.  

Everyone is unlike me; such is the world.  I've taken my amphetamines.  It was a bit much.  I took 10 mg.  I then proceeded to to take 10 mg 3-MeO-PCP as well.  This was slightly much lol.  I felt a little too stimulated after 2 hours, but whatever.  I woke up at 11:56.  I feel fine other than not having that much sleep.  

I got a dance from Paula de Cuba (danka! thank ya bitch!) and Lease.  I gave Paula de Cuba $20 + a $2 tip.  I gave Lease $20 + a $3 tip!  Lit!  I walked home!  My eyes are open!  Wide open!  Haha!  I gave 3 black girls one dolla bills on the way out.  I kissed the middle girl on her hand, and she said she would put it in her savings account.  I said I'd put it in my savings account!  And then I left! Lol!  Blame it on A!  Haha!  I got a call back for an AI job in Alanta.  It was from Sherita, but my cell service is spotty because it's storming!  Oh well.  I let her know.  

I want mothafuckin' smoke my Ece!
O' nay, there is nary a night I wouldn't love ya Ece!
My Ece! :slight_smile:
You're mine
In a way!
:wink:
I got a dance from a girl from Cuba!
So beautiful
She said her name was Paula ala my grandmother haha
Paula Cantrell, what a woman
A German woman
Haha
Danka!
Thank ya in Germayne!
I'm salivating haha
My bong loves me
I love myself so much!
My my my!
I love ya Ece!
You're so knowledgeable; thanks for teaching me so much!  I have so much to teach you yet my Ece!
Thanks for all the one's!
I would have found my own way eventually
But you expedited the process, as always, my lovely Ece Onay (Anna!)!
The sorting hat belongs to me!
Haha!
I choose... Ravenclaw, for my Hufflepuff Ece Onay (Anna!)!

Ah, the space, the dream, a crossfaith running out of automation; yet in my yearning for your pleasurable company Ece, I need nothing more than the company of myself within your Onay eyes!
Beautiful confirmation, yes!
Finish your ECE degree!
My Ece!
I confirm ya!  Onay is confirmation in Turkish, and Ece is Ece in English haha.  
Welp, Ece is Ece in ingles!
You're so beautifully unique, my Ece Onay!
Check my Turbo Swag my Ece!  All I need, all I kneed is a simple escape; can't you see my mine as it struggles to be minding my mind, Ece?  Las Lunes la lune on Monday en Espaol (soy Franszca tambin! mi amor!)!  Don't ya pay them any mind; my passion lies within evermore my Ece Onay (Anna!)!  Be!

Whew!
I have made it to the Road of Sacrifices, Zweihander in hand!

Vaporizing 5-MeO-DMT when I was on DMT, weed, and 3-MeO-PCP (I had also taken amphetamine sulphate 3 times earlier in this day) inspired dreams into me. It inspired me to wish to move out of my hometown. 5-MeO-DMT is very special indeed. I plugged 40 mg. A keen rainbow owl enveloped me with its shining feathers as I felt I lifted off my bed into space! This is an experience I won't forget; I partook in March.

1.5 tabs 25i-NBOMe dosed at 1 mg; I could not stop laughing and had extreme euphoria while watching my friend Jase play beer pong; a large number of shimmering semi-transparent leaves falling in my entire field of vision; the visuals were so overwhelming it was actually hard to see the real world beyond them. Such a chemical has been quite inspiring, but it is long gone.

May 2015: 1.5 tabs 25i-NBOME; I could not tell if I was speaking my thoughts or just hearing them in my head (it sounded like I was speaking them aloud, but upon asking my friend, this was confirmed false).  I watched leopards run around the frame of a painting in his house, looked at his AC ducts for a while in fondness (I'm still confused as to why, but it was dark in there, and 25i does have crazier visuals in the dark), swam in the pool and smoked a joint on a float in the pool.  I actually blacked out and blacked in on the float smoking the joint (I think the joint made me black out haha!).  I saw Sunfloras dancing in a picture of a field of sunflowers.  A grassy field in front of a house in a painting looked like the ocean.  It was great. 

I stopped the movie Click at 1:47:30.  Newman Theodore K. 1944-2021.  Fake and gay.

I just watched Idiocracy again.  Yep.  The guy's name was Joe.  Lol.  It was lit af.  It seems I was set up to bang these Spansih ladies.  Yeah, it seems that way.  I love Spanish speaking women because I grew up around them!

Epic Movie is a gnarly movie!  Lol!  Mr. Tumnus is gay.  Who the fuck is Mr. Tumnus?  He was some dude in the Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe.  They peered through a wardrobe to make mystical lands mystic once more, but the fucking boat was boring.  The moral of the story is why be anywhere when your bed is that much better.  That's the moral of Epic Movie and the the moral of The Chronicles of Narnia.  Epic Movie just confirmed it too with him pissing on Scarface in the toilet movie screen after he watched Scarface on the fuckin' TV in his bedroom to Narnia bitch.  It's at the 25:44 mark.  Lol! I paused it there in Epic Movie.  I read the Chronicles of Narnia bitches!  The last row of letters on the wheel at 38:11 in reverse say o, E!  Er, G F G P N.  Da fuck.  Lol.  Epic movie is some shit.  Get Crunk! Lol. I'ma vape some dope, for we shall stan' ground against the White Bitch; the talking beavers have shone their light where Aslos fear to tread!

Sell me your vision of infidelity!  We fuck the white bitch! Only together can we fuck the white bitch!  Lucy, Edward; Susan & Peter ruled Narnia evermore!

Well
I spoiled the story for you
Somewhat
Not really
I'm on babbling about Epic Movie, a parody of such books
only*

I took a picture of the four of them pissing in Epic Movie haha.  "And I piss on yo cat" said Riley haha.  They were writing The Dictator 3 years before this shit!  Lol, it's in the credits!  It's 7:26 haha, and the the white bitch rises again (the sun)!  The moon can also dip or rise again; she's one pretty white bitch to behold!  Don't look directly into the sun my Ece; the moon always beholds your mere presence!  

I sent Mr. Sir Professor Dr. Kane a friend request.  He was the nigga who showed me to trade at the margin.  And there was this skinny homeschooled guy who knew calculus... his name was Alex or something.  There was that stupid dude from Texas who tripped me, and the annoying TA who saw me at watch-movies-online.com lol.  That was in 7th grade though.  We watched Paul Blart mall cop lol (me and Viv laying down sleeping together on the tile floor haha).  

Untrumpable notes:
Added Joemail Xi Gordonbiden making left turns
Bug fixes and optimizations

I'm in love with tha pussy!  Pussy ho.  Lol Booty sweat yo.  I got some Al Pistachio's Booty Sweat!  I remember this beautiful girl who ran the guild I was in on Neopets.  My neopet was Whiplash!  He was Bori.  Lit af.  I remember Raechel mispelled Phoenix.  Anyway, this Vietnamese mod girl lived in a trailer with her sister, and she was like 12 too.  She sent me a pic of her with her sister in their room!  She was real, I know that.  She told me how her mom was poor and everything.  And their was Mint, a fat 15 year old kid who showed me Boulevard of Broken Dreams.  He knew it was wrong, but he had a 40 second clip that said "What's fucked up but everything's all right".  Then there was this annoying girl who said Blaqk Audio was annoying, and showed me Situations by Escape the Fate after I mentioned There's No Sympathy For the Dead.  She was an FBI agent; annoying AF!  Lol.  Wtf.  Lit af times at Neopets.  There was this girl Jenny on AIM I gave my address to... I'm still not sure who that was.  She said never to give out my address; she was a 14 year old girl.  I think she was real, but I'm not sure about her...  whatevs!  Fuck it!  So there was Breanna, a pale Asian girl, Vivian Lu, and this other girl I danced with and kissed at a party... I think her name was Kim, and she was a tan girl like Vivian.  I remember Kim and Ashley Dortch; beautiful girls too, and half Panamanian!  I fuckin' loved jail!

No rest 4 the poorridge.  I'm in love with the pussy; here's some Booty Sweat from Al Postachios! Get ya Bustanuts and pop an Assgard open! 

I love when people finally realize when they spit garbage in my face it affirms their own stupidity.
It finally becomes clear to them.
Oh I'm sorry
IT ONLY AFFIRMS THEIR OWN STUPIDITY*
Lol!
I'm such a master of words, though consider this an expression of myself rather something condescending.

I've got about 5 grams of 3-MeO-PCP left, and I've had 10 grams since about January 25.  Not bad!  This'll last me until like July!

I don't think that last part is true. I've taken methylphenidate plenty of times (it was the only thing I had to take to study in college someimtes), and the dopamine reuptake inhibition really killed me for like the whole six hours. This was very much in contrast to my experience with cocaine. I think you're talking about cocaine in those last two sentences! It really is garbage. 4-HO-MET feels a lot like cocaine, vyvanse, and DMT, but it is an NRI as well as a dopamine releaser unlike DMT... it's my least favorite psychedelic I've tried, but it's most people's favorite; go figure! I really do have ADHD, and I really am not like most people. Ha.

Speed Up the Process; We Need a New Submission to Design Our Most Eloquent Omissions.  I'm hungry, but all I wanna strike up is weed and all the inner me of peace.

There's no pleasing gold diggers; we all make mistakes!   Jimmy Jeff Gordonsun!  You see a fat ass bitch stroll up, you walk the other way!  The white bitch will bring you peace, but only if you use the temple.  Don't harrow the white bitch; the white bitch will strike you back!  Please don't praise the white bitch; the white bitch has all the praise she needs.  Silence is a what?  Since the dawn of time, I can't talk to anyone but my dog.  It's 5:57 AM. Lol.  I watched Sausage Party with Sabrina!  I just quit CoD because everyone was a hot dog and a {?can't remember}

Don't you worry about _. Let me worry about blank! 

Oh shit... I think Whitney Houston died cocaine yo...  fuck yo.  People die every day.  Damn son.  I wonder who is going to some stupid shit next, especially with coronavirus going around everywhere and evolving.  Lol.  Taking 1.5 mg 25I-NBOMe four weekends in a row was a great idea.  I got high as fuck.  These niggas ain't shit!  Lol!  I've made myself!

OMG!  I remember the Vietnamese guild manager girl's name from Neopets! Her name was weiiird!  Wow.  Lol wtf.  No, but that girl was actually real though.  I talked to her long enough to know she was real.  The Mint guy and that other girl who said Blaqk Audio was annoying though, they were the feds for sure.  Lol they were rather annoying, but that Vietnamese girl was actually real!  Damn son... we had so much fun.  "My hands are dry."  She said that.  I remember in Neopets I had a cute Vietnamese trailer park girl guildmaster named weiiird.  We would stay up late all night together and play Neopets.  We would even email each other pictures through Yahoo email and talk through AIM haha.  I sent one of myself in a green shirt in North Carolina, and she sent one from her trailer in her room with her younger sister.  She was 12 like me, and her sister was 10.  That was lit af.  We had so many fun times together.  Like, we played Neopets together for like a year.  I made art in commemoration of our time together in Vietneopets.  

I beheld artistic drawings from girls all over America's fifty states celebrating women's suffrage; it is great to promote and inspire worthwhile thoughts within through artistry!  We make brilliant moments to deify the contributions women make toward making America great again! 

There was this time I was blacked out for from 4 pm to 1:30, then I blacked out again until 2 am.  I was on the couch with some girl for a bit.  I tried to get with three girls.  One followed me for my number, and she gave me her number.  Another was an Asian girl she said to me, "Do you even remember my name?"  I said, "No!" and kept playing beer pong.  I tried to get with Ashley Alred too, but didn't.  Lol.  I had an awful hangover into 9 pm the next day.  

I took 5 more mg of amphetamine sulphate.  I feel high as fuck!  Matrices revolving of toasty orgies fill the void of my lone heart.  I wrote that after watching Foamy the Squirrel and Germaine on Newgrounds.  Lol!  

Tu cuerpo necesito salud de luz azul.

I'm watching Bandidas for the first time.  These bad bitches are metaphors for dopamine and norepinephrine!  They both take water easily!  The first sexy lady, Mara Alvarez, shot through the mist a pretty good hole clean through a tree,  wishes she was good with numbers, and needs to know (to say please because she doesn't know how many she has left lol). Sara Sandova, the other fine lady, takes her turn, but she is nervous around guns and laughs away; she can't do this because she never whines.  Both these girls, Sara Sandova and Mara Alvarez, make a sweet deal!  They are metaphors of my ADHD!

I left off Bandidas at 32 minutes.  I'll keep watching tomorrow, but for now I need some sleep.  

A DO GIVE A FUCK NIGGA A FUCK DA HO MYSELF FUCK DA CONSEQUENCES.

The Bell Gargoyles in the original Dark Souls represented food and water.  Lol.  Gargoyles, you gargle all of them.  I can't believe I didn't see it before! Lol!  Bell Gargoyles are especially weak to lightning, but breathe fire and wield a long spearaxe in one hand.  One Bell Garlgoyle was before the other, but both fight together.  

August 27, 2020: I must be Julius Genghis Ceasar Fuckin' Cone mothafuckas.  Haha, I'll never forget my momma and Bruce yellin' at me at 6 o' clock telling me to "Get ya ass up!"  "Breakfast."  "Haha!"  "Let em know!"  Haha, I won't forget showing Hayden Breathe Into Me or Hit the Floor haha.  Also, showing my mom There's No Sympathy for the Dead and her saying, "It has some weird lyrics."  Sheila told me to never spread a girl's legs when I was explaining how I was sitting to recuse myself.  BS!  Sheila burnt aluminum foil in the microwave!  I did that once, but I was a kid, and she was like 45 years old!  I won't forget showing Lance Five Ninety by blessthefall, or Crystal saying he should say something else other than "Valentines Day."  I showed Crystal Cellar Door, and I showed Jonathon You Deserve Nothing and I Hope You Get Less while I played Halo 2 and Half Life 2.  I also showed Crystal Too Little, Too Late.  I showed that kid across the street Taylor GTA: San Andreas, Red Dead Redemption, Modern Warfare 2, LoveHateHero, and Atreyu.  Lit haha.  I remember showing Josh G Trivium and The Word Alive.  I'm the only real nigga haha.  Lol!  I'ma live forever!  Haha, I won't forget Nashwin Bharwani barging into me and Teichner's room on move in day in the fall when I was playing One by Periphery, a superior cover of Metallica.  Teichner called Reflections and BFMV (Waking the Demon) angry music, and he showed me Half Life's modded graphics.  I watched Bleach and played Bioshock Infinite as he slept haha.  I also played Lichdom Battlemage, but I got bored of it.  It was grindy toward the end, but the gameplay was lit.  That one guy wanted me to play League of Legends and showed me that Dota 2 movie, but I wasn't in to that.  I went to see Upon a Burning body with him.  And then there was Grant, who told me not to take acid because it would fuck me up all day.  Lol!  My hall monitor dude who did pullups and fucked bitches.  My roommate Caleb who liked it cold and played Dark Souls with the Claymore because of his brother.  He introduced me to Awesomenauts.  There was this other dude with a super awesome co-op DBZ like game.  I tried playing Destiny in the lobby, but no one was interested lol.  They wanted ping pong and League of Legends.  Lol!  Then there was Josh, who showed me Evangelion and loved Warriors and Sonata Artica.  He got a signed vinyl record album by them!  Lit af!  He dropped out and makes music now.  I won't ever forget Farita and showing her "A Toast to the Future Kids!", even though she hated the screams!  Space Enough to Grow too haha.  I showed Josh G Careless Whisper by Seether lol.  I'ma dance again haha.  How can I forget Asses of Fire by James or the red axe Laboy through straight into the tree in his boxers haha!  Then he chased me around naked haha.  Lol!  Lit af.  I want to be the easy suburban of the hard me, but I KNOW I ain't dat free nigga; I'ma do the stuff myself fuck da consequences niggas!  I see beauty in ESi's platinum eyes of gold; she beckons me to show her the way, and I shall never let her fade away so easily within the depths of my makeshift soul lasting evermore!  I thank it's time I open up the window of my ah's... haha!  

I'm Joseph Cantrell, and I'm makin' a left turn!  He's makin' a right turn!  Lol!  It's who we are, Joseph Richard Cantrell, it's who I am: Joseph Cantrell!  Yeah!  Ms. Saunders was lit yo.  Will the storm pass over us today, or is the future looking gray?  All but 3 of us believed in destiny in Ms. Saunders class haha.  She was just as appalled as me!

I just fucked ESi and Taylor at about 6:00 haha!  I fucked ESi and Taylor together (her real name?), and it was lit!  I used my own two condoms, and I cleaned up so nobody knows!  Lol, you treat girls with respect, and you get respect back!  Nosotros to the end!  Taylor said something about Nosotros and, "Don't worry, we're here to make you happy.  We know we made your dreams come truea!" (Truer!).  I told 'em the pharmacy has everything I need.  Nosotros to the end!  I don't like threesomes, but I wanted to have one anyway!  It was a great first time, and I'm glad I had one!  She liked to suck me, but I managed to put it in haha!  Taylor fucked me a lot and sucked me off.  I kissed both of them, and I kissed Taylor's pussy.  I kissed ESi's ass a lot.  Haha, I won't forget their beautiful eyes!  She whips my ass, the white bitch!  

I don't like Mobas.  They lack resolve.  I came so close to nuking MW, and we boosted one time, me and Josh Rosa!  I've upgraded my guns in Modern Warfare lol.  I love the customization!

She's like VIB G YOR, but I'm like , "ROY G BIV, There will be no speeding up of the pro cess!"   Heeyah bitch!  I'ma midnight fit fly, just a smart mothafucka if I die I'm dry. Yeah.  All Right.  They say, don't trust we me won't.

It's all about A!  Figure figure number Fine, you won't fine me; I'm already here!  Ha, I won't forget showing Graeme Sharpe All Along Ecohing Paths and pointing the pool stick to him as I said, "I stand alone!" in the basement of ZBT on 10 mg of DOM.  Lol.  I remember bouncing to Liberation with Allan on acid at the ZBT retreat at Ian's cabin!  It was lit!  But you just can't kill the Hydra!  As long as you have the materials you can have the flowers.  President William McKinley's assassination was a copycat ideation from a fellow Italian anarchist immigrant, Gaetano Bresci, who went back to Italy to assassinate the King  of Italy in 1900.  

I don't wanna do some shit like that.  I don't listen to anyone.  I quit god long ago.  I wish the best for everyone!

Pussy holes lol
Deez holes won't hole me back!  I watched Scary Movie when I was 6 or 7.  I watched it with Raechel and Brian.  

So on Dread I found the Wikileaks update released 4 days ago.  Hillary Clinton conspires with pedophiles.  Lock her up!  I won't say a thing, but she should be locked up.  Someone in the government used a supermarket chain to enrich themselves, and it was tabled at Congress.  Lol.  Steve Jobs got tested positive for HIV on Setember 1, 2004.  He was negative for chlamydia and gonorrhea.  Steve Jobs got HIV by being a pedophile with Disney in late 2003.  Sombitch.  I bet there's more pedophiles at Apple.  I bet Tim Apple Cook is a pedophile...  Fuckin' Australians don't give a fuck yo.  Australians were prisoners and Native Americans.  Damn son.  Australians are hard motherfuckers.  Steve Irwin was a badass.  John Podesta is a Pedo.  The CIA, including Andrew Warren, rape, torture, and drug people all over the world.  That's fucked.  The CIA also exports terrorism.  They train people to be terrorists.  Cuba?  Latin America?  CIA.  That's fucked.  I think the management of Barnes & Nobles is pedos or money hoarders.  South Korea is super corrupt, but that's old news; their leader confided in shaman women!  Bermuda permits embezzlement of funds!  Lol; island nations funneling money is old news.  Bill Clinton has blood diamonds in Africa sex slaves in Latin America.  What the fuck.  The secret service got busted for having sex in Columbia.  The Louisiana Republican government, including the Senate, is involved in prostitution rings and escort services.  The Bush administration pushed for programs helping prostitutes learn skills to end; the Bush administration is complicit in prostitution, sex slaves, escort services, and the proliferation of HIV in Central America and wordlwide.  The organization USAID, intended for foreign assistance, tops all of this.  The Department of Defense does the same shit.  Deborah Jean Palfrey tried to help prostitutes and ran amuk of the Republican party and the postal service.  She wanted people to vote Mccain because they supported her policies of prostitution.  She was fond of amphetamines: "Rely on acumen to uncover the truth."

The moral of the story?  Both the Republicans and Democrats suck, but Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump, and Melania Trump stand up for what is right.

Wow, fun times confirming all this stupid shit once and for all.  Lol.  Whatever.  

Bernie Sanders just announced his support for Donald Trump
And Fox News apparently
I feel like Brian from fuckin' Family Guy nigga
Read that in his voice
I want you to read this in Stewbrian's voice

"It continues to develop that the insurrection is largely, if not exclusively, a war upon the first principle of popular governmentthe rights of the people. Conclusive evidence of this is found in the most grave and maturely considered public documents, as well as in the general tone of the insurgents. In those documents we find the abridgment of the existing right of suffrage and the denial to the people of all right to participate in the selection of public officers except the legislative boldly advocated, with labored arguments to prove that large control of the people in government is the source of all political evil. Monarchy itself is sometimes hinted at as a possible refuge from the power of the people.

In my present position I could scarcely be justified were I to omit raising a warning voice against this approach of returning despotism.

Now there is no such relation between capital and labor as assumed, nor is there any such thing as a free man being fixed for life in the condition of a hired laborer. Both these assumptions are false, and all inferences from them are groundless.

Labor is prior to and independent of capital. Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much the higher consideration. Capital has its rights, which are as worthy of protection as any other rights.

Again, as has already been said, there is not of necessity any such thing as the free hired laborer being fixed to that condition for life.  No principle stated is disturbed by the existence of this mixed class.

The prudent, penniless beginner in the world labors for wages awhile, saves a surplus with which to buy tools or land for himself, then labors on his own account another while, and at length hires another new beginner to help him. This is the just and generous and prosperous system which opens the way to all, gives hope to all, and consequent energy and progress and improvement of condition to all. No men living are more worthy to be trusted than those who toil up from poverty; none less inclined to take or touch aught which they have not honestly earned. Let them beware of surrendering a political power which they already possess, and which if surrendered will surely be used to close the door of advancement against such as they and to fix new disabilities and burdens upon them till all of liberty shall be lost." - Abraham Lincoln

I mixed it up myself.  Sir Abraham Lincoln wanted that.  Here I am again 2 days later doing stuff on my website at 4 AM lol.  

Well yes.  That makes sense.  If there's 50% evidence something is true, you should believe it's true about 50%.  

Damn son.  I saw Steve Jobs in 2004, and he basically admitted to being a pedo on meth.  He said, "Most people don't want to watch movies on their PC, and they can stream it to their television."  The camera cuts there on the upper part of his trousers as he shakes hands with this fat guy with a big nose.  What the fuck yo.  Steve Jobs might have been a gay pedo.  That's gay.  Fuck Tim Apple and fuck Steve Apple.

In the Codex Leicester by Leonardo da Vinci Bill Gates bought for $30,802,500, I found pictures.  It shows some mathematics with triangles, and then another similar picture with additional axes introduced.  Below that is the planet Earth as he sees it, with a mountain atop it and oceans surrounding a Pangea. Below that is a d half circled up to the right of an eye light shone, and below that is an eye; below that lies a similar rendition abstracted into circular mathematics.  The second page depicts a lambda, and a refraction of circles of light to the right of a half shaded circle projected to clear words atop a smaller yet deeply half shaded circle with a slice of pie arced into the circle, and some gibberish around the circle; this is further projected into writing within a perfect circle with an upward arrow adorning its top and a d below.  This seems all to remsinescent of dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin; three chemicals which an artist would find all too familiar as your desires, knowledge, and feelings.  Plato's Tripartite can be found here too: knowledge, belief, and desire can be summed as the mind's three constituents; they might show familiarity with norepinephrine, serotonin, and dopamine.  Ah the shadows cast by the sun into Plato's cave.  Below all this is are two A's, with the second having an arc next to it, and below this is a solar eclipse with the sun shining below the right of the moon; text lies right of this, and it scribbles into a last line that is faded and nigh illegible.  n is the first letter there, and g is the second; v is the third, and a y is the fourth lasting a semicolon with some illegible lines at the end.

The most expensive painting was sold for 450.3 million dollars at the same auction house, and it's called Salvator Mundi, or Saviour of the World.  It looks like Jesus holding a transparent orb with three dots in his left hand, with an artist's holding of his invisible tool (the sign of the cross) in his right hand.  Lol!  Cool shit.  

JFK was a methhead, and Nixon was an amphetamine guy.  JFK was killed by a methhead, and his assassin was killed by a nightclub owner methhead  JFK admitted to Soviet Premiere Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev there was parity in power between the Soviet Union and the USA; this sent Nikita into everlasting ecstasy!  Lol.  Kennedy is noticeably affronted, and the Premiere of The Soviet Union has his hand overstretched over Kennedy's elbow and heart.  Khrushchev thought that anyone who was so young and inexperienced as to get into that mess [i.e., the Bay of Pigs] could be taken, the president said. And anyone who got into it and didnt see it through had no guts. So he just beat the hell out of me.  Kennedy saw the stoicism in Premiere Khrushchev.  The Soviet Union erected the Berlin Wall to keep out methamphetamine from the western side of Berlin.  The Berlin Wall was justified, and Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev was an intellectual atheist.  Marilyn Monroe definitely loved amphetamine and MDMA.

Aman Nixon > meth Kennedy.

Can we rename Search & Destroy to Standard & Definition?

My plan now.  Sober up.  Take my hit of amphetamine at 10 or so.  5 mg.  No 3-MeO-PCP.  I need to stop combining them for a while.  Lol.  I'm too high.  I saw a purple shaft of light randomly as I sat on my bed.  Damn son.  I must chill out.  No more 3-MeO-PCP for lil bit.  George Bush was a real nigga for the No Child Left Behind Act, but the stem cells shit was bullshit.

Welp
Back to playing video games
It's the end of an Empire
Marketing Donald Trump here
lol
Empire Market has scurried away into the shadows just as I predicted
They posted captchas saying EXIT NOW in the bottom right
lol
I've known they were going to do this for month
Months
I didn't know it would be so soon
I expected an exit in 2021
Welp
I'm not ordering anything for now.

I always follow a righteous path.

One must share a meaning of life with the universe to truly know the Earth's revolution.  Lol, I forgot to take off that condom until I got home. It just kinda felt natural ya know?

You're such a star in my night sky.
My Ece
Idk
I could keep doing amps
Yo
What if we played Overwatch yo
I'm downloading it
Perhaps
I seek only to talk
I feel I am taken by Spanish speaking women
Well I say only
I say only because talking with the opposite sex is a nice way of enjoying life
Well talking is an instrument to happiness, so I say "only"

Tim Cook is a gay pedo.  Look at the guy.  God damnit Bobby.  Is what King of the Hill would say.  God damnit.  Disney and Apple are both filled with pedos?  God damn.  At least we have Microsoft and Adult Swim.  Fuckin America yo

August 29, 2020: I remember ordering that stuff off the AlphaBay and then it was just gone the very next day.  I got some 2C-E and a $1 sample of 200 mg of MDMA and that was it.  I didn't get one thing, and the escrow never got released!  I remember ordering that 3-MeO-PCP from TradeRoute, and then TradeRoute disappeared before that order could ever get finalized!  I thought it got lost, but it showed from Portugal after like 35 days.  When I saw it at the GT post office, I was like, "Woah."  I'll never forget my Viv Lu (Vivian) coming to my door every morning at like 7 am to wake me up.  She would knock on my door every day, and a lot of times we would go for a run together.  I'll never forget when I heard death of me playing in my right ear as if it was out the window when we were watching Dr. Strangelove.  I hallucinated that haha.  I remember my feet hurt randomly, and I could barely walk sometimes without being in pain.  That was the Adderall withdrawals...  I remember my Viv Lu having such beautiful curly hair, and she had the greatest Shainghainese slivery eyes that looked into mine so wondrously.  I'll never forget hugging her, or when she rocked her pussy on my knee, sobbed a little, closed her eyes, titled her head back ever so slightly, smiled, open her mouth a bit, embraced me around the neck with her caressing hands, and shoved her tongue in my mouth to kiss me.  She said, "I love you!" and left my room with her suitcase to go see her mom.  That's when I also left because my mom got there.  My Viv was so beautiful.  We talked a lot on the phone and Skype, and we even watched Inception together from my computer (over Skype!).  She cried when I said I didn't want to do long distance anymore when it was dark... it was so sad; I told her I really wished we had gone skydiving together (had sex) at Duke.  I told her I was so glad we could kiss and cuddle in the dark, and I thought she was the most beautiful girl in the world, but I didn't think we would meet anytime soon again.  I sent her another text saying, "I love you."  I told my mom, "I ended it" as I gave her Verizon flip phone back to her...  I was a little down about that because she cried and hung up on me, but I knew it would be fine. I remember the only girl I ever asked to prom was Ashley Dortch, the sexy skinny black and Panamanian girl a year older than me.  She had the cutest eyes and some beautiful long curly hair.  I remember meeting Viv Lu in the movie room (ball room with marble floors) when we were at some sort of dance.  I couldn't find my friends Bree, Tiffany, and some other cute girl with whom I learned to slow dance.  I was like, "Omg this is the finest Asian girl in the whole of Duke TIP."  I immediately approached her for her name and a dance, and she said, "Yes" in a super excited voice.  We immediately embraced.  Several times I remember kissing Viv slow dancing with my hands on her hips adorned in a beautiful white dress which showed some awesome caramel cleavage to Time of Your Life in a field.  My mom had the Scooby Doo game with the carnival and the manhole teleporting thing that took me several nights to figure out.  Even Amanda, Raechel, Jonathon, Crystal, and my mom couldn't figure it out.  Lol!  

Good fences make good neighbors, yet a fence thieves from both properties!

So Steve Jobs was brought onto pedophilia by someone in the Star Wars & Disney fiasco, and this girl he had sex with was about 14 years old, and they were both on meth.  This girl had been fucked so many times by creepy old men with George Lucas and Disney that she was HIV positive.  He blamed his HIV on pancreatic cancer, and just about everyone fell for it...  This girl had meth orgies with pedos...  Apple has meth pedophile orgies too.  The Beatles had meth orgies with underage women too, but that's not surprising; meth orgies with young groupies are common in rock 'n' roll.  Steve Jobs used to follow the straight and narrow path of amphetamine, which he considers his greatest strength and weakness, but he became a sort of pedophile when he abused meth (an arrogant knock at the door).  Steve Jobs was fired from Apple when he started abusing MDMA, and he found MDA (12 years after his firing at 30 from Apple {42}) to be, "What a circle of life."  Haha, he said, "And you never know what's around the next corner."  That's when he started abusing meth: when he was fired from Apple.  Steve Jobs has a small dick haha; it's about 5.2 inches according to this interview in 60 minutes where he said, "And that's what it looks like" as he fondled the first iPad a couple inches below the top (its height is about 7.47 inches).  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUfzXz23ndo

So Steven Spielberg is also a pedophile, and this guy Corey Feldman was scared to expose him.  So is Charlie Sheen, who had sex with a friend of Corey's during the filming of the movie Lucas when he was 13 and Sheen was 20.  Look at the guy: JURRASIC PARK, Taken (tv series), Animaniacs, Catch Me If You Can, The Lost Children of Berlin, The Lovely Bones, Schindler's List, Gremlins, The Land Before Time with Littefoot, THE GOONIES, wtf man.  

I see a black and white shimmering Komouri Dragon (like my Infernight wolf) beckoning me to take my amphetamines.  It also resembles Salamence looking left at times.  It said, "Yeesss" in a dark, shadowy voice like those found in the Amnesia games.

I remember getting the Western BBQ Burger at Hooters all the time.  I loved all those girls with their titties hanging out, asses showing through orange shorts, and white and orange shirts that said "Hooters".  I'd go with Jonathan Rivera, Josh Rosa, Chris Cincaid, and Erich West a lot of Fridays.  There were occasions I would get the Twisted Texas Melt.  I remember Rivera and Erich spotting me a couple times, and I would pay them back later.  It was lit af.  Nachos (appetizers) and wings were also lit there.  Sometimes I would eat some Caramel Fudge Cheesecake or Chocolate Mousse Cake a friend didn't want.  I always got fries or Big Dipper Chili Fries (with cheese).  Ah, such good times.  We would also go bowling, see a movie, or hit the malls sometimes.  We would also hang out at homies' houses and skate, play guitar and video games, or watch TV and music videos.  We would also play volleyball or frisbee.  I remember getting good at Ultimate Frisbee at Duke TIP.  I learned to flick my wrist to the left with three fingers to throw the frisbee yo.  Lit!

What was I thinking?  I had a girlfriend!  My girlfriend was Vivian Lu (for 3 weeks and 2 weeks in person in 7th grade and 9th grade), and then we had a long distance relationship for like 3 months.  It was great!

Lol, I asked the Italians for 2-MeO-PCP in a few months a few weeks ago after I saw their listing for 1g of PCP.  "Can you acquire 2-MeO-PCP?" They said, "yes I can".  "you let them know when you see them".  Lit.  I'ma let em know!  I then saw a post on r/4chan about me doing that haha.  Lit af.  I know they'll give it to me now!  I also saw my website got visited briefly from Vienna.  They must have visited it longer by some anonymous mechanism.  Lit af.  I saw Boosie mention something about New Orleans, and I saw my website got visit by New Orleans that same week!  Lol!  I'll never forget when it was hardwired into my brain to feel guilty when I was starting my ADHD meds for round 3 in September 2019...  Fuck man.  I remember playing To the Stage by Asking Alexandria and saying, "Just like before, I should have told you again, that I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry... I'm not fucking sorry".  I said the last part like The Acacia Strain did in Graveyard Shift.  Hm.. (a laugh).  I remember sitting next to Ira (an Italian girl) and Emily (a white an Chinese girl) in Creative Writing in 9th grade.  And David Toelly, who asked why I hadn't had sex yet.  I replied, "I'm a freshman!" and he said, "So?"  I replied, "Good point, but I'm poor."  He said, "Oh.  That makes sense then."  I remember writing a short story about my own shadows and firey escape from a cell with several layers of descending madness and realization.  White lights and reflections...  Lit af.  I remember reading it aloud haha.  There was also a mystery I typed up quickly in a couple days of entering a house and surviving a dinner killer.  I mostly procrastinated because I was busy focusing on watching the mystery movies the teacher showed us!  They were a famous British mystery series with lots of episodes from the eighties.  They were fascinating to me!  There was also a girl named Abby whose feet I accidentally stomped when I was super excited about Ira winning something.  I remember Ira a ton.  She was very modest, nice, and inquisitive of me.  She was definitely into me, but we never got to hang out!  I never asked her to hang out because I was poor haha.  I didn't think it would work haha.  It would have worked out!  She was very lovely.  She had awesome big round eyes and a great smile with long brown hair, lively cheeks, and big straight teeth.  She was gorgeous.  She was my favorite in the school until I met Ashley Dortch.  

My journal is now almost as long as the original Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone!  Lit.  I've written 73,500 words vs Harry Potter's 76,000.  I'm very partial to Warriors, Redwall, Inheritance, Idiocracy, Bandidas, Click, The Dictator, Superbad, Shaun of the Dead, and Epic Movie.  Lol, I remember watching The World's End (conclusion of the Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz trilogy) with Ian Moreno haha.

I'm watching This is the End again.  Seth Rogen tells Jay Bucharel, "Nobody puts J in the corner."

echidnasarepinky is my new Reddit name.  Memories are evermore nevermore.  Reuptake the circle of life said a wise cotton candy skink.  Joe Biden must really like Tim Apple.

I almost killed myself by plugging 980 mg of heroin on June 30, 2018 in a deep withdrawal from amphetamine sulphate until 3-MeO-PCP activated some summation of myself, and I made plans to forge ahead instead of dying in my bed. I plugged 20 mg of heroin, took a microdose of some acid, inhaled 50 whippets, and then decided to do 3-MeO-PCP one last time before I died. It saved my life. I was on the edge of the universe within myself; I hated myself for some unknown reason deep down in my DNA due to ADHD. I was 22 at the time. I found myself with amphetamine at the age of 5, and I decided to quit at the age of 12.

I grew up out the ground to the sky.  My plan dictates I use amphetamine until it makes sense that I quit 3-MeO-PCP temporarily because I have amphetamine.  Then I will quit amphetamine and use MDMA, and repeat the process until I die.  Lol.  

Consider your universe a balloon you may inflate until one day you don't see the deflation anymore.  I'm bored and distributing stuff from my stuffing factory.

Okay, back to This is the End.  37:36.  

I see a rainbow feathered owl looking at me.  An anonymous mask.  I saw a sexy anime girl with white hair.  Safe safe blue ocean moons I type on DMT as I crawl from my bed to type my inner experience. N spire I wrote down on DMT.  I wanted to inspire people to be better people on DMT.  I'm safe as I eat my Turkish Delight and pet my Breezy.  I saw lots of shadows and faces made of sharp pointy shadows, lights, and knives.  I said in the kitchen, "Just one time."  I saw my dick get really big like on 25I-NBOH.  So here I am.  Everything is temporary; that is true.  My safe maelstrom bed held me.  I could barely see because I was on so much 3-MeO-PCP and like no sleep, and then I took 4 mg amphetamine when I was in the middle of watching The Red Ball on The Boondocks.  It seemed like it was about me and Viv Lu yo, and how I messed things up.  I was like damn son.  Whatever.  We can always make more money.  I said I would stop using 3-MeO-PCP temporarily because I felt my old back pain.  I remember smoking some DMT and a colourful girl face rushing up to me to save me.  I remember seeing my dark magician girl and my dragon, and a whole new abstract safe entity made of a safe maelstrom blue ocean moon bed.

The dark web is scrambling again.  Lol, just like in 2016.  That means the price of Bitcoin and Monero go up (especially Monero).  More transactions means more demand for a product, and thus the price of that product goes up.  Bitcoin's supply is increasing at a decreasing rate; thus, its trends up.  A pincerscope is when two teammates watch an objective from opposite sightlines.  You dropped your Plato Asslonegus.

The dying of the light in that gentle night was merely a dream of the mind.  And at the end of all you have never known, you'll find your sacred land is a special roam.

Prophet Launcher 3.77 notes:
Added intro soundbyte on launch.

I've added a soundbyte reminiscent of an eery launch.  One could say this sound absolves the universe in some shape.

Some Italian artist followed me on Newgrounds.  He draws good pictures of anime women.  

I found this cool Greek song called  by Josephine.  Here are the lyrics I translated.  

This is your first time telling me how this happens to you
How you go crazy and you can't even for a minute
Away from my arms
My kisses

You do not sleep, you say you see me everywhere
How are you afraid of losing all this

I
In your life you say that I bring panic
I
Oh and you still know what I can
I
And that you had old
He now lives in a vacuum
Sorry if I'm to blame but that's just me

This is your first time telling me that you love so much
You had learned to leave them alone
But do not compare me with yesterday
These do not pass here

You do not sleep, you say you see me everywhere
How are you afraid of losing all this

{chorus (I) repeats twice}

I always thought Rouge was the coolest Sonic girl.  I considered myself somewhat of a Sonic Shadow.  Kim Jong Un has been experimenting with MDMA as early as February 27, 2019.  Lit.  I think Kim Jon Un has been experimenting with drugs.  I see 4 orangey cobs of corn in a recent picture of him inspecting typhoon damage after he was presumed dead.  You can't eat my sudoku.

Aya
Namahaya
Something something lion king african
negus
And the negus said to the African, "How many negus does it take to Africain't?"
And if you read it as a British person
Or someone drunk
You ask, "Ha ma ne da i ta ta abdicate?"

August 31, 2020: Some folk say one day he's going to tear down the blinds and look out the window.  If I stare long enough into the abyss, I'm sure she'll peer down into my soul in some fashion.  Lol, I taught someone to use nitrous oxide on Reddit: 
You take the stainless steel whippit cracker, pop open the canister to release the nitrous oxide, and then inhale all of the nitrous straight into your lungs.  Reduce (exhale), re-use (breathe in because you should be hotboxing under your blanket), and recycle (get another charger).  Have water, food, and a glove on hand.  

After defeating the third boss, the Curse-Rotted Greatwood, I am bequeathed the pyromancyflame.  Lol.  It's symbolic of MDA in some way.  

September 1, 2020: So I sold $2000 of my assets to bring my bank account balance to $2950.  I'm now worth $53000 in total.  That's pretty good.  Well, my 401k has $9000, and my Verizon stock should be worth about $2000.  I guess I'm actually worth $55000.  Lit!  I'ma hit the strip club.  I went to the club and got a dance from Taylor.  I said, "Te amo" and asked her if that was right, and she said, "Yeah that's right."  I told her about my programming for Infernight and Infernight II, in additional to all my other games.  I called her "la ella de roja o la ella roja."  Haha.  She was wearing some pretty red lingerie!  She said, "Let's fuck" when I first saw her.  I said, "Nah" and she looked at me, smiled with teeth and squinted eyes, and responded, "Okay, next time!"  She smokes cigarettes!  Aw!  She also had a Red Bull with a straw in it.  She likes Monster Energy too.  She didn't mention anything about weed though!  Oh fuck, now I've set my GPU scheduling to be done on the GPU instead of the traditional CPU scheduler.  Okay, time to restart.  I should notice a slight performance gain in some games, notably older games.

Aiight, so Krispy Kreme and Ruffles Cheddar and Sour Cream make a complete protein.  Fact.  Bread and Potatoes, like rice and beans, or potatoes and rice, make a complete protein.

I remember I once tried 25B-NBOH.  I had a 1700 ug blotter.  It was cool.  I felt a vasoconstriction and lightning effect in the back of my head like on 25I-NBOMe.  I saw some blue shadows of light morphing around my hallway.  However, I don't want to repeat the experience. 

September 2, 2020: I have (.39+1.22+.01+1.89)=3.51=$40,000. Bitcoin.  I also have 979.3 XTZ and 72.3 Chainlink.  That's $3,059 and $1,070 right now.  From Coinbase, I've gotten 5.35 free Tezos so far ($17).  Lol, it's called a stakeout!

I got $10 (107.8) Stellar Lumens, a new financial industry method of sending inexpensive payments overseas or domestically and between all types of entities, personal and enterprise.  Here's my signup link so I can earn some more if you earn some.  All you have to do is learn about them by watching some videos or reading a paragraph, so it took me about ten minutes to get this.  There is a very good chance it will appreciate in value.  https://coinbase.com/earn/xlm/invite/pxwd14hg

I earned $10 (3.2) EOS by watching some videos and completing a few questions showing I've learned about it.  This is a new technology similar to Ethereum that allows for the development of applications which intend to connect a global audience with free transactions.  One advantage EOS has over Ethereum, which has been around for five years, is user's ability to upgrade existing development contracts rather than create new ones.  Here is my invite link so we may both earn more EOS:

https://coinbase.com/earn/eos/invite/2k9rt3z4

I last did deadlifts on August 27, 2020.  That was 6 days ago.  I did 225 pound squats for five reps today.  I started doing that 6 weeks ago though.  I haven't moved up any of my lifts in 6 weeks lol.  I think I'm still getting over my time with the coronavirus.  I think I've recovered a maximum of 95%.  I couldn't do 385 today.  Oh well.  I'll try again next time, or dip the weight again.  Fuck it.  Lol.  

Have you ever worked as an _?  Anne Blank doesn't underscore in her industry.  I did not see those JavaScript jokes coming before I wrote that joke about Anne Blank, funny enough.  I type these comments as I watch the videos.  Anyways, E Crumb for $5 is a good deal as you can always add in the $9 veinte later, bringing your total to $14.  A wise camel once said, "Without rufflin' them there Krispy Kreme donuts, you ain't making sandwiches the easy way."  No need to order coffee when you can point the finger to the Krispy Kreme doughnut.  Freddy vs. Jason is a reqiuem for Alien vs. Predator.

Far along the path of gods, a video game must reward the player justly and unexpectedly in some rhythm atuned to the player. Hollow dashes easily identify with sheets of paper, yet squirrels tend to be accepted by girls because they play a particular game in their heart. Anime girls are an awesome way to get people to sprinkle cash into a video game. The fun of a game is in the power of the player, and sexy anime girls with water guns is almost never a bad idea.

September 4, 2020: I saw an apartment that looked nice.  $1250 plus utilities.  I got a dance from Natalie, a woman whose stripped for three years.  She had huge titties, and she really wanted to fuck me.  She waved her ass back and forth across my dick, and that was lit.  I jizzed a little bit haha.  Her father was from Cuba, and her mother was from Colombia, but now they all stay here in America.  Lit!  I've continued work on Infernight.

September 5, 2020: Eminem is all about 8 mile, the 2002 movie, but here I am with my 14 mile walk I did yesterday.  Lol.  I could have walked farther.  I saw the apartment, and took a wrong turn.  8 miles.  I then walked to the strip club and back (4 miles), and then I went to McDonalds and back (2 miles).  Lol.  I shoulda stayed 12 mile haha.  That's funny.

A stigma schism: it's not a diss ability.

September 6, 2020: Well, there's nothing wrong with supposition so long as it provokes discussion rather than absolution in lunacy.  I just sold .088 BTC, so now I have 3.43 BTC. I'm worth $42,500.  3.43*10300(bitcoin)+2500(bank)+1174(security deposit)+2550(tezos)+930(chainlink)+30(coinbase earn)+40(monero).

It was once said, there is nothing to fear but fear itself, and to that I purport, why fear fear?

Infernight notes:
Finished Infernight text background
Added clockwork spawning Essence
UI improvements
Optimizations

Lol, I remember that time in 3rd grade when Jacqueria Gunter told on me for not believing in god.  It was after school, and I was trying to solve math challenges for candy.  She made an "Oh" face, and immediately proceeded to say in her tattletale voice, "Ms. Carty, Joseph doesn't believe in god."  She expected me to get in trouble.  Ms. Carty said, "That's okay.  Some people don't believe in god."  Lol.  I went to the bus shortly after that.  I remember Camp Joy haha.  The first time: I remember going in with my dufflebags, having no issues, seeing cute teenage girls and their asses, bed hopping betwixt top bunks, and then I had to shower.  I was on the bottom bunk.  My cabin leader, Ron, was a bald latino guy who was super chill.  I reluctantly showered after like a 5 minute talk at my bunk.  Ron was like, "I haven't had any problems with you up until now.  Other kids, I've had all kinds of problems with em, but not you until now.  Come on man."  I didn't want to shower for some reason.  I think it was my meds fucking with me.  I relented and showered.  I came out wet and said, "I'm going to kill my mom!"  Then I shrugged like, "What?"  I was being metaphorical haha, I meant I wanted to make her understand I didn't want to be there.  Then I just chilled in my bed and slept.  I remember Ron teaching me to heil Hitler with the hand motions, the accent, and everything.  Lol.  He told me not to do that in front of people because they'd get mad though.  He made sure I understood that.  He said it twice.  Lol.  I sat with the older peeps haha.  I didn't sit with the kids.  I sat and talked with the teenagers governing us lol, especially the girls.  Not long after I got there, the only other white kid called some kid a "nigger" and he got beat up.  He had to be drug out screaming at the Bible recitation.  I never saw him after that.  That same Bible recitation, I solidified my disbelief in god when she read a story from the Bible.  I asked, "Where's the proof that all of this is true?"  She replied, "Well, the Bible is proof.  Jesus wrote the Bible."  I saw circular logic, and I immediately knew I was surrounded by idiots.  I didn't know what to do.  It felt like real life Idiocracy from that point on.  It still feels that way.  I remember I skinned my knee when I was running for some challenge, and Ron put water and hydrogen peroxide on it.  It bubbled up white with blood and foam, and he said, "Yeah, see that, that's bacteria."  We had to do a song and dance, and I did the robot!  It was lit, and we won first place for my robot performance haha.  The teenage girls were falling all over the place for my robot dance yo.  It was awesome!  I asked him where shells came from near the end of the camp, and he said he thought it was calcium buildup.  Lol.  We had a WWE tournament with the beds and stuff.  It was lit.  I briefly partook, but I lost because the kid was way bigger than me.  Smart folk I got to hang with.  It was lit af.  The other times weren't as lit.  I remember going on the lake and stuff in a canoe, and going swimming, and going to the church, but the other times were more strict.  

Aya, June 24, 2009 is the day Viv Lu (Vivian) kissed me with her tongue in my mouth!  She was my only girlfriend.  I miss her knocking on my door and being so excited to see me.  I miss our mutual excitement.  I love mutual happiness with a girlfriend.  I long for that again.

September 7, 2020: I've set up my website and a video for Infernight.  I wrote this comment on Newgrounds: "Homeless, stay a black mirror with no place to rest."  If you bombard anyone with enough photons, eventually it emits a Tesla.  Photons contain energy, and energy can be transformed into a magnetic field one way or another.  

ESi es mi Chica Maga Oscura.  Taylor es mi Dragnita Alada de Roja.

September 8, 2020: My bed is 7.5 feet.  My power rack stands are only 5.5 feet long.  I just had sex with Taylor again.  She sucked me, rode me, and then we had doggy style sex (first time ever for me).  And then it was over, but I didn't come.  She said, "Nothing?" and I was like, "Not nothing!  I didn't finish though!  I last a long time!"  She smiled at me with her beautiful teeth and replied, "I know you'll go home and finish."  We kissed each other a few times on the lips and cheeks, and we exchanged, "I love you" and "Te amo" a few times.  Awesome!  I think the best thing after sex is donuts.  Krispy Kreme donuts and Burger King.  You combine them: it's the Luther Burger, Joseph Cantrell edition.  That double cheeseburger with bacon, fries, and buffalo sauce on it, all sandwiched between two Krispy Kreme donuts.  That's my metaphor for my threesome!  Lol, so now I've spent $1000 on sex with ESi and Taylor.  I sent $400 to ESi and $600 to Taylor!  Plus all the tips: $40, ~15, $20 + $20, $40!  That's $1120 to ESi and Taylor, las fantasmas rosadas.

That's where they keep the gold: in the original shape with which every human is born and need repent to behold the holy gates bequeathed 'neath the eyes of god.

3GML44ZD3
Reservation Number: 836179262

Back to the past 2: future is present.

September 9, 2020: Folio means a sheet of parchment or paper.

September 11, 2020: I moved back into Inntown Suites lol.  I have all my stuff and Breezy here.  My landlord helped me move after Chotch and I got locked out.  Lit.  Infernight notes:
Added randomized sloped tunnels
Modified pause button color to white
Bug fixes
Optimizations

September 12, 2020: Infernight notes: 
Added icons

<Retrospective>  December 20-22, 2020: I took MDA.  I saw my crowned rainbow torso and face rising through the wall as I lay down.  I thought a lot.  I took this 3-4 times per day 20-30 mg per day.  I elaborated the turtles all the way down thing and the impossibility of enumerating infinity.  I wished to know if I could use methylphenidate after trying it back in college and feeling dysphoria and no focal enhancement.  I was wrong.  

<amp quit day> December 31, 2020: I quit amp today.

<amp quit day> (kinda) January 5, 2021: I relapsed and took like 5 mg of amp (plugged).  This is the day I went to the DMV to get my driver's license, and I got incredibly paranoid on the way there.  This continued all night.  

January 11, 2021: I deleted everything above this line when I blacked out after quitting amphetamine again.  I tried to use MDA to go off the amp, and everything seemed so normal until 5 days later when I was on the way to the DMV and I started to feel slightly paranoid on the way there.  At some point, everyone on the train was a gang member and talking about topics like murder and pedophilia.  This increased by a lot until I was concerned standing in line at the DMV because it felt like some overbearing force was coming down on me, and that everyone would soon come to kill me.  There was a guy who looked like a homeless high as hell Bloods gang member sitting on a round stone outside giggling to himself.  He was extremely out of place.  A black lady officer did weird stuff with the line.  An officer silently indicated about a bit of spilled water on the floor.  I never got my license.  I think the DMV is partially controlled by these people too.  I remember thinking a scaffolding would come down at any minute.  I remember thinking I had to very, very slowly do my DMV signatures and stuff because if I didn't I would be killed.  I got my paper driver's license, but I never found the real one.  It was never sent to me, or my neighbor stole it.  Someone was holding me back, whether it's the government or a gang.  Damn son, I was delusional.  I quit my amp again.  I've quit it 4 times since Feb.  This time I thought Kim Jong Un, Vlad Putin, and Trump were mind controlling me.  I thought there was a microphone from the US Gov in my stomach.  I thought Kim Jong Un had cameras and mind control devices in my eyes yo.  Also I was under constant threat of death.  Shadow midgets under my bed like Chucky, drive by shootings through my door, Ghostface in the shower, construction workers dropping pallets on my head, visions of armies of DMV workers stuffing me into a van's trunk and butchering me.  Breezy was afraid of me for some reason: he started acting scared, and I'm not sure why.  Yo I was fucked for like a day.  I actually cut my middle finger to prove I wasn't a Chinese bot.  I then proceeded to post on reddit.com/r/ADHD, and tell everyone to do the same to prove they weren't a Chinese bot because I wanted the extermination of the hacked people.  I was going to gouge my eyes out because I thought Kim Jong Un had implanted mind control devices and cameras in them.  I decided to prove I wasn't a Chinese bot by cutting my hand, then I backtracked and decided to cut my finger, then backtracked again and settled on cutting into my fingertip.  I drew blood from my fingertip, like wtf.  I still wasn't convinced I wasn't controlled by the U.S. government, the North Koreans, or the Russians until like 10 hours later or something.  I dragged Breezy outside by the collar because I thought I had to take him somewhere to be safe.  I know I was fucked up with my ADHD, and I think that was the reason.  I banged my laptop on the ground outside because I thought it was controlled by the American government.  I thought that show The Office was telling me to kill myself and playing charades with me.  They were telling me to kill myself in all kinds of ways, but the one that caught my mind was planking and suffocating myself on The Office.  I also saw Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos come on, and thought it was a live taping of The Office.  I thought South Park was live animation too.  I thought the whole world was coming after me for the secret knowledge for human immortality.  Basically, I thought they wanted me to recite a secret code and scream it to the world or they would kill me in a hail of gunfire through my door or something.  I refused.  I thought they would hit me with a car and make it look like an accident, or they could drop something on me from above like an anvil (Looney Toons lol) or a concrete pallet or some shit.  I thought Breezy was a Chinese bot who was trying to figure out what I knew about the American government.  I wrote shit down on my pillow in sharpie and tried to compare it to find out where the cameras and microphones in my room were.  I thought those pretty girls at the club had become transexuals and were going to kill me too.  While I was fucking Taylor, I was looking at her pussy lost in thought wondering if she was a transexual, and she asked me, "Can you see it?"  I don't remember how I responded.  I walked back from the strip club turning over my shoulder every 30 seconds or so sometimes.  It was hard not to think I was about to be attacked.  I was hearing, seeing, feeling, tasting, and smelling random shit my brain kept making up.  I could smell the pungent odor of pussy in the air.  My brain was going to do anything to get me to kill myself or take my amp.  I actually did end up taking my amp because I thought that was what "Big Brother" wanted me to do.  I also blacked out and threw my amp across the room.  I threw away my 3-MeO-PCP because I thought it was giving the Chinese power over my mind.  I thought my food was poised by the Russians so I ate it slowly.  I thought my water was poised by the Americans.  I thought it was the final countdown, and everyone on Earth was dying or being transported to an alternate universe.  Eventually, a couple hours before stabbing myself, I thought I was one of 500 people left alive on the entire planet.  I thought I saw two cartoon characters, the blue and orange creatures on The Amazing World of Gumball on Cartoon Network, hang themselves, and I was convinced these governments were trying to make me kill myself and make it look like an accident.  IT WAS JUST MY BODY WITHDRAWING...  For some reason, I had the equation X AE A-12 = IR2, and I had to solve that to know what to do.  I ended up thinking I had solved it after like 2 hours, and at 6 AM, I plugged a finger dab of MDA followed by a fingerdab of amphetamine.  At 8 AM, everything had mostly gone back to normal.

I need to be careful about doing amp sulphate.  I was going to take Ritalin to try to elicit marginal improvements in my dopamine transporter which may be affected by the reverse transported induced by amphetamine.  I've changed my mind.  I can accomplish anything I need with amphetamine sulphate, mdma, 3-MeO-PCP, and weed.

Homie in China keeps stock of 3-MeO-PCP here in the U.S. to ship to people.  What a fucking boss!  3-MeO-PCP tracking number: 9200190221582794444159

January 17, 2021: I'm still applying for jobs.  I binged MDA for a couple weeks.  I ate 2 grams in less than 3 weeks.  I never fixed my paranoia with MDMA.  I was dancing to music and yelling at the sprinkler camera the whole time I was on MDMA three years ago.  I just snorted Concerta 5 mg, one half a T 174 pill, and I don't feel too great again.  It absolutely killed my good mood from the MDA I did yesterday.  I snorted it so my experiment wouldn't last as long.  My stomach hurts again, and I feel pretty apathetic.  I don't feel any sort of enhanced ability to focus.  My mind doesn't feel like it's really moving too much nor am I able to type with much accuracy compared to amphetamine.  I don't feel comfortable taking this in some way.  It just doesn't feel right.  My body is tight and aching (including my head), and my heart is racing a little in an uncomfortable way.  I wanted to try it again while I had the methylphenidate, but I don't like how it makes me feel bad in a variety of ways.  I won't receive any benefit from it; the case is closed. 

About 25 minutes later, I'm still coming up, feeling stuck in place, looking around everywhere, looking at the ground, and feeling pretty demotivated.  It's also difficult for me to type correctly.  My head hurts, and I felt some sort of electrical shock in the back of my head (not unlike on 25I).  Vasoconstriction sucks a lot here too.  My toes, fingers, and arms are all constricting from reduced blood flow.  I don't feel good or confident or anything.  I feel overall worse.  It's actually harder for me to pay attention now that most of my body is aching, especially the back of my head.  I can use dissociatives to really feel good about myself.

About T+40 minutes later, I have some extra energy that makes it harder to control involuntary movement of my head, legs, arms, and fingers.  I have random pains across my body, especially in the back and back right of my head.  Again, I'm sure that I'm making negative progress in benefiting my ADHD.  I only feel worse as I come up on methylphenidate.  This methylphenidate experience isn't as bad as the one I got from Jack Martin when I was about to start medicating, but it's worse than the one's I had with Torrance.  

T+1 hour later, all the energy I have is pretty drained.  I'ma lay down now.  

T+2 hours later, I'm feeling a lot better now that the methylphenidate is leaving my system.  I'm less cold, blood flow is returning, headaches have mostly subsided, and I'm in a much more positive mood.

T+6 hours later, I can't really feel it anymore, and I've started to update my Linkedin and applied to 2 jobs.

T+8 hours later, I've applied to 8 jobs and I'm updating Infernight.  Infernight notes:
Bug fix - player sprite is behind environment sprites

<amp day> January 19, 2021: Prophet Launcher notes:
Slightly buffed all abilities

MDA: 4.00 5ht2b, 3.60 Alpha2C, 3.12 Alpha2B, 2.74 Alpha2A, 2.41 5ht7, 2.38 5ht1a, 2.15 5ht2c;
MDMA: 4.00 Imidazoline1, 3.64 5ht2b, 3.26 Ca+Channel, 3.21 Alpha2C, 3.09 Alpha2B, 3.07 M3, 2.94 Alpha2A, 2.54 M5, 2.43 M4;
Things MDMA has that MDA does not: 4.00 Imidazoline1, 3.26 Ca+Channel, 3.07 M3, 2.54 M5, 2.43 M4;
Of those, amphetamine has these: Ca+ Channel inhibition.  I think Ca+ Channel inhibition can calm me down since my body will freak out when it doesn't get the Ca+ Channel inhibition amphetamine affords.

<Bug Fix> Prophet Launcher Godot engine load failure fix: New project, copy old files (except project.godot), close engine, copy project.godot, launch engine

Prophet Launcher notes:
Weapons upgrade's info popup now reflects current damages, headshot damages, and fire rates
Other upgrades' popups are now more informative of current speed, recharge, etc.
Added glow indicator when abilities are charged
Miscellaneous UI improvements
Volume leveling
Balancing updates

I remember one time I blacked out in 2nd grade, and then I blacked in with my eyes closed, bouncing up and down in my chair, and humming the Christmas song Dashing Through the Snow as loudly as I could.  Mrs. Tally was pissed.  NHK means JSWA, Japan Social Withdrawal Association.  I had 2 perfect games (5-0, 6-0) kills by myself (clutches) in 2 different matches on the first match in both games on MDA.  Lol!  That was about as epic as my 25I-NBOMe ~37 killstreak.

January 21, 2021: Prophet Launcher notes:
Improved ending animation
Bug fixes

Upon a review of my methylphenidate pain experienced a few days ago, I notice my brain's Wernicke's area/Broca's area (moreso location of Wernicke's area), somatosensory association area, and occipital lobe hurt.  I took amp 5 times today, and I took 20 mg at 9:45.  I just ate a bunch of food and saw my laptop bulge like a sphere in like a half foot radius of my field of vision (weird, so I played the song Delusionalisphere).

It looks like the calcium channels play a more important role than I realized.  On the 7th day of Christmas, my true loves gave to me: Seven Swans a-Swimming, and all you Swans each with your nose so bright, have a holly jolly Sleigh tonight!  The pieces of the puzzle keep adding and adding up, but can they ever paint the same picture drawn by the specific neurotransmission of induced by the combination of my speedily oscillating atoms?  https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24911072/

January 25, 2021: Prophet Launcher 3D 1.1 notes:
Modified enemy spawn to a flaming pentagram
Added SMG weapon
Added flame, slow motion, speed, life, and jump height upgrades
Added player arm model
Added some map color theming - sun, sky, and snow
Added time of day cycle
Updated diction
Added Linux build
Optimizations - removed legacy files and code.

I need to inquire about salaries on the first interview.  I need to ask this company, Itential, for $100k in salary.  I won't go below 89k at all.

January 26, 2021: I'm going to figure out how methylphenidate would interact with my body with a limited availability of dopamine transporters.

January 29, 2021:  A vulgar display of power: I couldn't sleep since I didn't take enough amp yesterday, so I just dropped 40 mg of amp and like 20 mg of 3-MeO-PCP at 4 AM.  I don't think I should do 3-MeO-PCP anymore.  I think I've used it as best I can.  I think now it is burdening me more than it helps me.  I know I shouldn't do 3-MeO-PCP with amphetamine.  I think I should just quit 3-MeO-PCP.  How can I hang out with Breezy and Taylor on 3-MeO-PCP as a bumbling buffoon?  Nah, I think it's best to keep that box closed.  It's too powerful.  I used it to my advantage.  I feel a  pain in my lower right back strangely.  I don't know why.  I think 3-MeO-PCP addiction is catching up to me.  The signs are all around.  The visuals are more intense and linger longer and longer.  I can't keep doing this.  

January 30, 3021: I counted to 670 in my head today because I was bored.  That beats my previous record of 600 when I was a kid standing on the edge of the porch counting as long as I could!  I'm imminently quitting amp again.  I'm never taking it more than 3 times per day on a schedule again.  Also, I'm having MDMA and weed handy just in case.

February 3, 2021: I'm paranoid, and the government is definitely watching me right now as I make my mistakes with my amphetamine sulphate.  They're watching me in Intown Suites at 1375 Northside Dr NW, Atlanta, GA 30318 and CoD MW.  It's wild.  I hear them murmuring to each other to see how I respond.  They'll speak of violence and see how I react.  Just now someone in Intown outside my room was talking about beating someone over the head like it's nothing.  

The government poisoned me and laughed.  My amphetamine and 3-MeO-PCP are likely both tainted.  I have "DMT" I just got.  It's probably tainted.  My amphetamine isn't amp.  I didn't piss amp on my piss test.  One of my piss tests were possibly altered.  My 3-MeO-PCP appears to be a mix of 3-MeO-PCP and an unknown adulterant.  I'ma hang out with strippers for now.  This is literally the worst day of my life, except maybe when I was jackhammered by quitting my meds.  The government is still watching me very closely through Modern Warfare.

February 6, 2021: I'm still being watched by the government through Modern Warfare and outside my own fucking door.  They're prying closer and closer, and it's annoying. 

<amp quit day> <Retrospect> February 8, 2021: I quit amp this day, and I got some MDMA cut with meth from dark web gang bitches.  I reordered MDMA from the UK. 

February 10, 2021: I'ma keep hanging out with this Taylor girl.  I like her!  I'm done with all my previous girls.  I'ma try to work things out with this girl Taylor, and I wanna make us happy!  They took my hand towel on this day and kept screwing with me.

February 12, 2021: The InTown Suites mofos (Bloods gang) are reviewing the security footage right now.  They fucked with my hand towel when I did laundry 8:30-9:45 PM February 10, 2021.  They took my hand towel and put it back in that time frame.  The government is also still watching me.  I'm not going to play their games.  I'ma live my life.

February 18, 2021: The last pack of "MDMA" I got was from some gang, and it was adulterated with something (it burned me slightly on the inside and didn't make me relaxed).  It was a big black rock.  It said "Kandy Kare Package" on the label, and it was in a black bedazzled ziplock bag.  The seller sent me a note saying my shipment would be delayed.  Everything added up to that being cut MDMA.  I've now ordered MDMA from overseas.  I'm going to use that instead.  I'm going to keep hanging out with Taylor.  I'm being watched closely through Uber, Amazon, and Intown Suites.  My goal is to make Taylor my girlfriend somehow.  She's taking a lot of my money, but she deserves that money because she's helpful to me.

February 20, 2021: I'm still being watched by lots of groups of people.  I want to explore California with my friend Taylor.

February 21, 2021: I'm holding down the fort.  I've ordered domestic MDMA and ketamine since my overseas order was canceled.  Now dark.fail is down, and it's difficult to get trusted links to the White House Market right now.  I'm observing for a bit.  The government is still watching me through CoD.  

February 22, 2021: I'ma ask to try Desoxyn next time I wanna fix my ADHD with health insurance.  I wanna see how it benefits me.  If I don't like it, I'ma stick with Evekeo.  That's how I want to medicate myself next time.  That has been the plan all along.  I intended to inquire about Desoxyn once I found a good psychiatrist.  I want what's best for me!  I know Desoxyn will benefit me, but I'm not sure if I want to reap the benefits of methamphetamine's pharmacology because it will cost me just like amphetamine sulphate.  I'll be the judge with a legitimate prescription and a girlfriend.  I must not be swayed to fulfill this plan.  For now, I'm going to use MDMA and ketamine until I have legitimate insurance and a good doctor.
Prophet Launcher 4.3 notes:
Added a DNA hourglass map titled Time Cellar
Added a dragon scales themed weapon paint - Scaled
Added an enemy prophet information section
Final boss artwork, boss health bars, and mobile on-screen joysticks are now affected by player map color choice
Simulated air friction on final boss projectile
Added option to show and change opacity of mid-game score statistics
Volume level is now increasable to 200%
Added verbosity
Balancing updates - Upgrading an ability now increases its effectiveness and decreases its time with each upgrade (rather than alternating them).  Osama's kamikaze mode explosion no longer destroys bullets.  Lowered the soul cost of walk speed and jump height upgrades by 20%.  Reworked the weapon paint upgrade to support the new Scaled theme (it's now only two upgrades).
Optimizations and bug fixes

I still have that dollar bill I spilled blood on trying to go back into the hole at ZBT in 2017.  I still remember the huge grin I had while blood rained from my nose onto the wooden round table at ZBT.

February 23, 2021: I've decided things aren't looking in my favor at the moment, so I should experiment as soon as possible.  I've ordered 2 grams of crystal methamphetamine.  It's 1:20 AM.  I'm ready to begin my experiment.  I'm going to use 5 mg and see where that takes me.  I'm rewatching See Spot Run, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Weekend at Bernie's.  Psychoanalysis is an insane sister near your ass.  Remember Just Another Day and The Epic Collab (There's No Sympathy For The Dead!) animations - they're somewhere.

February 26, 2021: Spanning corner to corner across my wall and ceiling emerged a rainbow Chinese dragon girl with a white face shaped like that of Komouri Dragon.  She said, "You should take a break from here."  I threw away all my dissos.  I threw away like 18 grams of 3-MeO-PCP, a 950 mg of a gram of ketamine I just got, and like 190 whippets I just got.  I don't like enslaving myself, and 3-MeO-PCP inspires me to better myself.  I'm leaving 3-MeO-PCP because the changes I'm elucidating within are detrimental to moving forward.  3-MeO-PCP has given me the determination I need to move forward, and I will never forget it.  I shall move forward with its love in my heart forevermore.  I'll never forget the kind whispers nudging me in the right direction.  My love for myself is eternal, and I love 3-MeO-PCP for making me a better Joseph Cantrell here today.  3-MeO-PCP will always be a part of me, so I can't say that it is gone forever, because it will always sing my name when I feel lost.  

I'm going to throw away the crystal meth I ordered as I refuse to enslave myself to it.  I'm going to take some MDMA and smoke some weed.  I want to be left with MDMA and weed.  I'm going to go see my girl Taylor and tell her I'm sticking with MDMA and weed for a while because I want to be myself without any addictions for a while.  Also, I'm going to ask Taylor to hang out again!

February 27, 2021: I must move forward at all costs.  I want to leave me addictions in the past for a while and try to focus on a girlfriend.  I want to move forward with Taylor and begin a chapter in my life which I will truly appreciate.  My goal was to remedy my ADHD without causing additional problems; I shall stick with that goal and reign supreme without fostering more addictions!  I must use amphetamine and MDMA to treat my ADHD; I can be a solution to my problems and also be a shining light to that girl who made me feel special, Taylor.  If she doesn't want to ever hang out with me, I can be a light to another girl in this world.  My goal right now is to pull Taylor away from self destructive behaviors and forge a sustainable lifestyle together with her.  I've made my choice: 666 (d+l amp, d+l MDMA, d+l MDA metabolized from MDMA).

March 2, 2021: I just tried meth.  I snorted it twice Sunday and snorted it repeatedly every few hours as I stayed up all night Monday until I snorted a line at 7:30.  I had been having acetylcholine visuals for a good hour, and they died down for a bit, so I snorted 45 mg.  I got charged by a one meter tall black spinning wire monster shaped like the Interactive Buddy as I walked around my bed.  I walked around my bed after doing that line, and I see him standing there with arms outstretched 45 degrees toward the ground, and then he raised his right arm and pointed it at me.  I saw about 40 realistic black and very slightly rainbow black widow spiders charging me from all sides in waves.  I see bugs crawling all over in the carpet and faces swirling.  I'm getting briefly touched on the back of my neck, on my leg, and all over my body.
It was my M1 receptor: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/5328973_Blockade_of_M1_muscarinic_acetylcholine_receptors_modulates_the_methamphetamine-induced_psychomotor_stimulant_effect

<amp quit day> March 3, 2021:  I saw a 2D (but sometimes morphing in 3D ways) black entity in my carpet reminiscent of a cartoon 30's gangster I decided to call Mr. Homie.  He had a suit, hat, and sunglasses.  Mr. Homie's had the power to paint 40+ variations of something onto my vision.  I remember seeing Salamence before it was butchered and transfigured into something homosexual and violent.  The gay stuff was something like Meatwad shaking his ass in the intro of the last season of Aqua Teen, or it could be two shadow dudes/animals/monsters fucking.  There are some connections in my brain that are opened by a lack of choline driven by the M1 receptor, allowing the cerebral cortex to bring info from the hippocampus and place it into the ocular  electrical feed before it arrives at the prefrontal cortex for analysis.  It could feed memories like hold up a cheeseburger to show me I should eat.  Everywhere I looked, spiders and bugs were already there, and they were realistic 3D moving entities.  I could not hear them; lack of glutamate allows that. Mr. Homie was working to scare me because I fucked my my amp shit and fucked myself over with meth, but I can't be scared.  Mr. Homie kept taunting me, laughing, and making gay shadow caricatures.  I'm never using meth again because it irked me from the moment I used it, just like Vyvanse.  I don't like the excessive DA to NE ratio, nor the sigma 2 (shiny specs in vision like 3-meo-pce?) activation and the serotonin release.  I snorted it over 5 days, and I stayed up 58 hours straight.  When I peed, the smell was of putrid  chemicals and lingered in my bathroom for a few days.The acetylcholine problem snuck up on me again.  Dopamine overflows into serotonin, acetylcholine, and finally, adrenal receptors to try to safely displace the excess dopamine.  After that, I'm sure the hallucinations become gigantic and you die in slow motion.

March 4, 2021: Kicked out of intown because I lost my shit after all that and threw a bag of shit randomly when I was blacking in and out and was locked outside for like 2 hours because I forgot to pay Intown (and they didn't tell me).  Passed out, woke up to the cop and intown telling me I had to go. Slept outside with Breezy.

<Retrospective> March 5, 2021: I checked into ESA, another extended stay.

March 7, 2021: I moved into Extended Stay America with Breezy.  I'm working on storing my stuff in storage.  I rented a 12' Penske truck from Home Depot, and I've been driving my stuff around.  

March 8, 2021: I applied for another job today.  I need to return my Penske truck tomorrow.  I'm getting 20 more grams of 3-MeO-PCP, and this time I won't delude myself into throwing it all away when I'm delusional from trying to get away from amphetamines.  I took some left on my scale today, and it instantly flipped my mood today; I moved all my stuff from my truck to storage no problem.

March 9, 2021: I  fixed a bunch of stuff on my website and updated my resume.  Caffeine works for me as long as I use MDMA to rectify my withdrawals.  3-MeO-PCP still works great for me too.  I've submitted 17 job applications, and I turned down a job during my initial interview when I discovered it wouldn't involve coding (while the job description mentioned using Java).

March 10, 2021: 3-MeO-PCP tracking number: 9374869903506439843356  I sent it to the wrong address!!!!!  I applied to 6 jobs today.

March 11, 2021: I took what's left on my scales today.  Meth, MDMA, ketamine, and 3-MeO-PCP.  Damn son.  I regret the meth lol.  I'm getting some amp withdrawals again, but doing exercises with two 25 pound weights, I'm getting good results.  I ate a ton of food today.  I've eaten like 3500 calories in chocolate and like 5000 more in spaghetti.

March 14, 2021: I've taken 30-40 mg of MDMA 10 times in the past 2 days lol.  Damn son.  Now I'm listening to Meaning of Life by Disturbed, GIVE N DESIGN son, and here's my Infernight notes:
Improved Essence collection animation

March 18, 2021: It's going on 5 days since I last took 30-40 mg of MDMA every 3-4 hours.  Prophet Launcher 3D update 1.2 notes:
New dark map lit only with burning inverted crosses
Added two more enemy spawns for more complex gameplay: 3 total spawns
Added realistic water: https://github.com/godot-extended-libraries/godot-realistic-water
Added sounds: player hit (recorded) and player death (Wilhelm)
Volume leveling
Added upgrade progress bars
Engine upgrade from Godot 3.2.3 to Godot 3.3
Bug fixes

March 23, 2021: I tipped my scales out on my table and snorted the rest, and I licked the scale again.  I got a little bit of meth.  On one hand, I went to Walmart and did lots of really powerful explosive pushups and body squats with two 25 pound weights.  On the other hand, I don't quite feel right.

March 25, 2021: I went to sleep last night at 4 a.m. tripping a little, seeing people around me, sometimes standing there and sometimes coming at me.  I heard my phone ring, but it wasn't ringing, and I heard voices talking at me, but nobody else is here.  Now, I saw a bug run around the corner of my fridge, and then I looked at my flip flop, and it was there too.  The acetylcholine problem is happening again.  

March 29, 2021: I had an interview call with T-Mobile just now, and I had to mute the phone and puke four times into the toilet while Nicole was telling me about the interview process.  Then I wrapped up the call over the next 15 minutes like nothing happened.  It was because I drank caffeine.  It made me super nauseous as it kicked in today.  THe withdrawals are coming in...  I need MDMA to allow caffeine without withdrawals, MDA won't work.  I snorted about 5 mg MDA, all I had, yesterday.  

April 2, 2021: I finished binge watching Home Movies.  Finally, I pieced that thing together.  I still don't get all the meth and mushroom jokes, but fuck it, I don't care.  They don't matter to me.  I'm trying to find a girlfriend and hang out.  Sometimes.

April 6, 2021: I'm still being watched by people at ESA.  They're fucking with me.  I'm paranoid.  I need to settle down and hang out for a while.  I'm blaming everything on my alarms.  I just got some MDMA and LSD.  Lit.

April 10, 2021: I'm still interviewing with T-Mobile.  So, I'm going to get a job, then try to work things out with Taylor at the strip club.  If not, I'ma look for a girlfriend elsewhere (college girls abound, and international students are a good target).  In any case, I don't need a girlfriend.  I've claimed my sanity by slamming down amphetamines for a while.  It's time for a break, and I'm already over a month in, but it's kinda like 2 weeks because I did a little bit of amphetamine again when I was tipping my scales.  I'm 17 days abstinent from amphetamine since tipping the scales and consuming tiny amounts of amp, meth, MDMA, and MDA.  I'm no longer snorting 3-MeO-PCP because it cuts my nose and diverts resources from my body.  

April 12, 2021: In retrospect, on MDA three months back, one of my lingering questions is how my neuronal firing rate changes over time.  The first derivative with respect to time is negative, indicating my neurons are firing more slowly.  I know the second derivative is positive, indicating my neurons are firing slower and slower (like acceleration).  The third derivative, the jerk, of my neuronal firing rate is still in contest. 

April 16, 2021: I've applied to 4 jobs today.  

April 17, 2021: Prophet Launcher 4.31 notes: 
Volume leveling updates
Updated the game engine from Godot 3.2.3 to Godot 3.3
Reduced file size by ~40% without increasing VRAM usage by optimizing some boss and ending animations
Balancing updates

April 18, 2021: I am addicted to 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm going to throw it away.  I cannot justify this addiction any longer.  I wrote that down just now.  That's fine.  I'm not throwing away 3-MeO-PCP because it's the best dissociative.  Other dissociatives pale in reference.  It's not going to get any better given its pharmacology.  I'll use 3-MeO-PCP when I want to get what I want.  3-MeO-PCP will not let me down in these times of the amphetamine threshold.  
I'm going to reduce my usage of 3-MeO-PCP for a little bit.  I'm going to stop chasing the hole.  3-MeO-PCP is my tool to use to get through my amphetamine addiction.  It's a great way to accomplish my tasks.  However, I've been a bit too reckless lately.  I'm going to take a break from 3-MeO-PCP for a little bit.  I'm going to stick to LSD for a few days.

I'm going to throw away my 3-MeO-PCP and abstain from dissociatives for a long time.

I've thrown away my 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm never ordering any more ever again.  I don't want to use dissociatives to get what I want because it's a self fulfilling prophecy.  I know that if I'm ever depressed, I can use dissociatives to fix that.  However, I'm not depressed.  I'm addicted to dissociating.  I'm going to stop dissociating for the foreseeable future.  I can't let 3-MeO-PCP ruin my bladder and kidneys.  I can't let 3-MeO-PCP take over my life.  I'm quitting it forever.  I don't have to take 3-MeO-PCP.  It was great, and I'll cherish it forever, but I'm finished with it.  

I dreamed about getting more 3-MeO-PCP.  I didn't do anything for the 8 hours after I threw away my 3-MeO-PCP.  I heard voices in my head and saw a rainbow Lois from Family Guy spinning into my mind's eye with a wicked grin.  She told me in a sadistic voice, "Yes, I want you to throw away the 3-MeO-PCP forever!"  As she spun into my mind's eye like the twist effect from Paint.NET, I felt painful imploding pressure in my forehead, and I felt a repeating stabbing pain in the right side of my stomach again (my kidneys?).  As I lay in bed, it felt like I was stuck in my past, being berated by myself over and over again.  I dreamed about tipping over my scale to get more 3-MeO-PCP. I told myself to quit 3-MeO-PCP before, but I didn't listen to myself.  3-MeO-PCP is preventing my back from healing.  Breezy sits and lays facing my desk's drugs cabinet to tell me to do more 3-MeO-PCP.  He wiggles (shakes) his head when my 3-MeO-PCP craving begins to take hold.  I needed to insufflate at least 25 mg of 3-MeO-PCP to remove my craving, but I kept chasing a hole no matter how much I took.  I couldn't feel Breezy on my skin when I pet him, but I got the happy neurotransmitters (oxytocin?) released when I pet him.  Today when I woke up, I can feel Breezy on my hands again.

I just took some LSD.  Not long after waking up again today, Breezy did the same routine telling me to do more 3-MeO-PCP today.  I can't deny the addictive properties of 3-MeO-PCP, even though it is one of the least addictive dissos I've done.  I can now say I feel better without 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm surprised I've been able to keep such a decent track record with it, but I should have stopped using it back in January 2020 after the bladder and kidneys pain, which occurred after hallucinating nudging voices and rainbow entities at night in December 2020.  I would also wake up still tripping balls.  I've been using over 100 mg of 3-MeO-PCP every day.  I used about 2 grams of it in these 3 weeks.  I snorted 60 mg in a five minute span a few days ago, and I got way too high again.  I did some after using MDMA, and I didn't feel so good; I was too stimulated, and I could barely eat.  I always stutter my words when I try to string long sentences, and I have to ask people to repeat stuff a lot.  I could hear Samuel Jackson saying that speech, "What ain't no country I ever heard of."  I still have strong cravings for more 3-MeO-PCP, but I've definitively rationalized my abstinence.  It's been 3.5 motherfucking years!  At 9 a.m. I must take out Breezy.

April 19, 2021: I dreamed about getting more 3-MeO-PCP.  I dreamed I was watching basketball, and some dude was juking people on a bike.  He scored three points in a row, and then I woke up.  I snorted a little 3-MeO-PCP, and my head hurts again.  I still have voices of women (Lois, anime girls) in my head telling me not to do more 3-MeO-PCP. I'm also pretty itchy for 3-MeO-PCP.  3-MeO-PCP makes me lost in my past, thinking about my recent mistakes.  It's changed.  I keep throwing it away because I want to do that.

April 20, 2021: I dreamed I tipped over my scales and dumped out like 30 mg of 3-MeO-PCP in three big rocks to snort.  I'm so itchy all over for 3-MeO-PCP.  I felt a really strong itch on my finger just now.  I feel lots of itches on my back like when I was doing a lot of DCK.  I don't regret doing 3-MeO-PCP, but it's getting harder to deny my addiction.  I've found it very easy to use 3-MeO-PCP, and I've used like 40 grams of it since I discovered it 3.5 years.  The sigma-1 stimulant effects definitely counteract a lot of the negatives of the NMDA dissociative effects.

April 22, 2021: I just took some MDMA.  I still have strong cravings for 3-MeO-PCP.  I dreamed about getting more 3-MeO-PCP again.

April 23, 2021: I'm buying 5 grams more 3-MeO-PCP.  I've decided not to give up on it.  9374869903506687751786

I've resolved to never throw away my 3-MeO-PCP ever again.  I love it too much.  Maybe if I got a girlfriend, but what's wrong with recreation?  I'm already stuck taking amphetamine and dealing with my ADHD forever.  

April 25, 2021: I've applied to 8 jobs.

April 26, 2021: I took 2 hits of acid today.  I've taken 14 hits of acid in the last 20 days.  I remember there was this one time back in 2017 when Jordan Shartar gave 
Sparky, the cute rescue dog, a small amount of 2C-E he didn't measure.  Sparky was having a blast with his tongue hanging out.  It also induced a repetitive head twitch response where his head would jerk to the right and back every 2 seconds.  I'm downloading a Switch emulator.  I'm going to play the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Blue Rescue Team remake!  Prophet Launcher 3D notes:
An enemy spawn limit
More symmetrical cross locations in Abysseer
Bug fixes

April 27, 2021: I just took 3 hits of acid.  This is my 5th day in a row taking LSD!

April 29, 2021: I took 50 mg, 40 mg, and 45 mg of MDMA at 4 hour intervals.  I also took 50 more mg.  I worked on Prophet Launcher and watched a Trailer Park Boys movie (Countdown to Liquor Day).  Music is nice.  I did laundry.  

May 1, 2021: I applied to a job today.  I also applied for one two days ago.  Jobs:
Orchard

May 3, 2021: I must always take MDMA to offset my amphetamine withdrawal.  MDA isn't enough, so my body's neurons still waver where they can, including my acetylcholine pathways.  I applied to a job today: Cox Automotive, right next to Verizon Connect's old office.

May 12, 2021: I just ate 4 more tabs of acid.  I only have 32.5 tabs left.  I've applied to NCR again today, and I've applied to 12 jobs total.

May 21, 2021: Untrumpable notes:
Godot engine version update to 3.3
30% file size reduction
Bug fixes

May 27, 2021: I'm getting 4-AcO-DMT and 4-HO-MiPT.  I hope I like those chems in lieu of LSD.  I wonder if 4-AcO-DMT is like shrooms.  I'll find out in time.  I'm not going to purchase 2-FMA.  I don't need to start releasing neurotransmitters and stuff.  The thing is, 2-FMA might not be like amphetamine at all.  It could be closer to meth or cocaine, and everyone on the internet could be lying.  I'm going to try it for myself and see if I get any work done on my personal projects and stuff.  I'll know if it's a good amphetamine or not.  Meth sucked.  I don't want a repeat of that.  I want a natural feeling of alertness.  I shouldn't have to suffer for a year if I want to quit my meds.  I should be able to change to a different medication if it works well.  Then I don't have to rely on the wicked serotonin release from drugs like MDMA.  I don't know much about 2-FMA, but it could be a good idea.  If I don't have a hangover the next day, I'll call it a success.  I'm not going to try 2-FMA right now.  I don't want to do that.  I'm not going to order 2-FMA.  I don't want to restart this cycle again.  
I changed my mind.  I'm going to try to use 2-FMA to manage an efflux of neurotransmitters.  I don't like suffering like this.  I constantly long for that which I don't have.  I want to try to make myself happy!  I really want more 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm gasping for breath.  I'm hearing a choir in my head singing different songs (normal), my chest is tight, and I'm hallucinating a lot of bright lights in my periphery.  I must stop this at once.  Yesterday I walked around my apartment for about a minute with my eyes closed, but I could see everything clearly as if my eyes were open.  However, I opened my eyes and the illusions disappeared whilst I was left wandering around in the dark, mystified.  I could take a snapshot of the environment, spin around, and then open my eyes and the illusive world of my dissociated apartment would become my real apartment.  I've abused dissociatives too much.  It's the truth.  I'm going to start losing my mind more and more.  The blackouts will become longer.  I must stop this at once.  

It's been 15 minutes or something now. It's still hard to catch my breath. I really want 3-MeO-PCP.  I just have to abstain now and I'll be fine.  

I just smoked a bowl of weed, and I'm still really craving 3-MeO-PCP...  However, it is still easy to walk away from 3-MeO-PCP.

May 28, 2021: I'm not an organ donor.  You can all burn in hell.  I'm still paranoid they're trying to take me down, but whatever, I'm going to try these chems.  3-MeO-PCP still has me catching my breath.  I'm also laughing my ass off though.  It is easy to walk away from dissos (except that it feels like I'm not getting air, possibly like what people experienced from abuse of nitrous oxide, NO2).  That's a shame, because I am really enjoying 3-MeO-PCP.  I wonder if the same thing would happen if I abused another disso, or if it's exclusive to my addiction to 3-MeO-PCP.  Well, it's either due to my abuse of one specific disso or all of them, but I'm not too sure.  Either way, they're not harmful (if used in moderation like all things, but they're way less harmful than most things that are addictive, which is why they're good at getting rid of addictions).  All dissos will screw me up if I use them all the time.  3-MeO-PCP could elucidate harmful effects of dissos more quickly than most other dissos while covering up some of the problems through its other mechanisms like sigma-1 antagonism (and may SRI action?).  Either way, I never wanted to live my life on SRI drugs anyway.  I can't deny that I can at least no longer use 3-MeO-PCP anymore.  I'd be willing to try regular PCP if it was in the pure dust form.  3-HO-PCP isn't going to do me any good in getting a job, but I could probably use 2-FMA (sparingly at first to test its hangover propensity with me; I don't want another meth hangover lol).  I might be able to use this tool in tandem with amphetamine to keep making art and enhancing my ego.  However, I don't intend to use them at the same time.  Using 2-FMA for a bit and then quitting it with MDMA could be a great idea.  I'm going to test the waters with 2-FMA.  9374869903506858152336 is my tracking number for my 4-AcO-DMT and 4-HO-MiPT.  I'm still waiting on my 2-FMA tracking number.  I'm still laughing my ass off because I'm getting hungry because I don't really care to eat since I can get high from 3-MeO-PCP by not eating.  Lol.  I am pretty addicted to 3-MeO-PCP.  It's super badass.  I'ma not get anymore because I don't want to have this addiction problem. People are watching me inside this motel as well as its surroundings.  Just a couple days ago, some Mexican looking mofo walks through the woods up to but not approaching the sidewalk.  This was done all to screw with me.  I hate that fucking shit.  Whatever.  People screw with me all the time in this motel.  I hate that shit too.  Again, I'm highly suspicious my god damn computer is being watched by the U.S. government.  Whatever.  People are banging on the walls to make me paranoid.  The government might be watching my internet history, not just by records, but in real time here in this hotel.  I'm also still not convinced COVID isn't some mechanism of biological warfare, and I'm still not convinced COVID won't mutate again.  Oh.  COVID probably isn't the result of biological warfare then, unless it's by some sort of naive dictatorship.  I think White House Market will exit scam at some point soon.  I only have $13 or so in there anyway.  It's not even worth stressing over.  I'll get more MDMA when I want.  I'm also still itchy for more 3-MeO-PCP.

May 29, 2021: 9400109205568643641896 is my 2-FMA tracking number.

June 1, 2021: It's dry as a mothafucka from tongue to fingertips.  My hair is dry, and I can't rub my hands together.  I need to mimick amphetamine's action in my body to alleviate this.  I have a slight itch for 3-MeO-PCP, and I briefly marathon watched The Boondocks and Coco by OT Genasis.  I'm on some LSD.  Goad is dead is my version of Richard Dawkins' book.

June 3, 2021: I remember there was this time back in March 2018 I plugged 80 mg of 3-MeO-PCP in one go.  It was like there were thunderstorms around me as I paced around my room querying my demise.  I also once accidentally insufflated 90 mg of 3-MeO-PCP at once and blacked out in my bed for a bit watching rainbow strands of light in my mind's eye.  

June 5, 2021: 5:00 p.m. - I just insufflated 5-6 mg of 2-FMA.  I plan to use it to get work done, remove the dryness I experience all over, and improve my mood (by releasing neurotransmitters to combat ADHD and mimicking amphetamine to combat its withdrawal).
5:15 - I've insufflated 4-5 more mg for a total of 10 mg 2-FMA.  I feel the moisture returning to my skin, and I've begun cooking on the stovetop.  Typing feels effortless, and I don't make as many mistakes as normal.  I think I'm going to continue treating my ADHD with 2-FMA until I decide to take amphetamine sulphate again.  This feels like a good amphetamine replacement, but it's still unwise to quit amphetamine sulphate (and 2-FMA for that matter) without MDMA.  
7:55 - Vasoconstriction and elevated body temperature are apparent.  I'm doing my laundry across the street because this facility's laundry is broken.
9:50 - I'm coming down now.  I tried jacking off again, but it wasn't as good so I'm not continuing right now.  I'm going to dose more 2-FMA since I've only been up 8 hours today. 
9:57 - I eat ~15 mg of 2-FMA.
10:09 - 15 mg is still too much 2-FMA right now.  I'm going to start tomorrow by eating 6-7 mg.

June 7, 2021: I took a lot of 2-FMA.  I've been up for 40 hours now.  I jacked off 8 times, and on the seventh time, I didn't cum for 5 hours!  I feel stronger on 2-FMA than on amphetamine.  I can definitely move my body with less effort and do higher explosive pushups.  This drug also might be a sigma-1 agonist like meth and 3-MeO-PCP, giving it a slight weightlifting boost; I know 3-MeO-PCP doesn't help me lift weights with NMDA and SERT activity.  2-FMA makes looking in the mirror at myself awesome.  It makes looking into girls' eyes in porn so euphoric.  I've never felt so good from looking into a woman's eyes, and they say meth is the best lolll.
11:57 - I've cum 9 times in the past 52 hours.

June 8, 2021: I've been up since 5 p.m. June 5, 2021.  It's 10 p.m.  I hear the Case Closed fat kid talking and explaining something.  I simultaneously hear Granddad complaining from The Boondocks the Noah-II siren.  I hear, "You can win this."  I can see rainbow graph lines in my field of vision.  5 minutes later, I saw a flash of light evaporate a rectangle in the corners of my vision.  I hear a underwater siren sound just like when I took 3 tabs LSD and multiple 20-30 mg doses of 3-MeO-PCP.  I'm high on 3-MeO-PCP because I'm a little hungry.  I hear random guitar notes and "white power" chanted over and over.  40 minutes later, I hear television static out of my left ear.

Insufflated, one isomer of 2-FMA goes away after 1.5 hours, and the other in 3.5 hours.  I should be able to dose oral 2-FMA for 6-7 hours of productivity, followed by a second equivalent dosage in the afternoon.  I did enough 2-FMA to trip balls on glutamate by NE overflow.  I saw writing appear on the wall.  "Thirsty" kept appearing on the wall more than any other word.  Sometimes it was gibberish, and sometimes it told me helpful things.  I drank water, but I hadn't eaten enough food or drunk enough water, so my tongue felt burned all over and hurt to the touch.  I saw shadow people in the corners, so I went up to a fat white samurai guy formed from my clothes hanger area, and I punched right through it.  I was standing watching porn on TV, and at the height of the experience, a rainbow person taller than me with blank white face materialized right next to me, brushing up against my right side.  Startled, I exclaimed a roar which was about the normal volume of a TV and waved my hand through this entity for it to disappear into thin air.

June 10, 2021: I went to sleep at 6 in the morning and woke up at 1 p.m.  I got 7 hours of sleep for the 99 hours I was awake.  I'm in debt to sleep by 25 hours if I needed 32 hours over 24 hours.  The euphoria I get from looking into girls' eyes has now faded after 4 days.  I was staring into women's eyes in porn on my TV when I wasn't jacking off for an hour at a time.  Jacking off on 2-FMA was amazing.  I like taking time to revel.  I'm reveling right now.  I'm going to complete my Microsoft.  I might start talking into my phone, "I'm going to cut you off" and then put up my phone.  My left leg hurts a lot as I lay down in bed, because I stood up in front of my mirror watching The Boondocks and Idiocracy on my TV.  I've been standing up most of these past 5 days.  Lol I said fuck you to Teja not long ago.  I'm pretty sure I forgot.  I'm not sure because I thought she was sending people from Verizon to come kill me when I woke up and quit.  Some crazy lady named Britney called the cops on me.  She randomly looked out the window and screamed with wide eyes, "Fuck you."  So I said, "Fuck you."  The cop and her were beating around the bush with me for a second, so I asked to leave and left.  I ended up going to the strip club later that day.  

June 11, 2021: I feel a lot better now that I have more sleep.  I slept 9 hours.  I'm going to cease using 2-FMA forever soon.  I don't actually like using it.  
7:40 - I did a sixty minute Microsoft interview 3 hours into my 30 mg of 2-FMA.  I just took 30 more mg.  

June 12, 2021: I'm thinking about getting more amphetamine, but I'm going to remain steadfast and try getting away for a bit so I can finish fixing my back with DMT and such.  It's been 101 days since I quit amphetamine, and I've been counting every so often.

June 13, 2021: I've been working on Endless Custom Shooter, a lite version of Prophet Launcher focused on customization.  Mysql table: CREATE TABLE scoresECS (name VARCHAR(20), score int(11));  I basically finished Endless Custom Shooter in 12 hours using three 30 mg doses of 2-FMA.  
Prophet Launcher 4.4 notes:
Created Fuchsiakura, the first female anime character skin
Changed my animation pipeline to use Inkscape and Godot instead of Adobe Illustrator and Animate due to Adobe's glitches.  I reanimated all my skins to use this new system.
Added the top 25 scores to my website: https://josephcantrell.org/games/prophet-launcher.php#leaderboards
Added fullscreen/windowed toggle
Added a reset button for returning all customizations to default
Zeroed the Velocity of some enemy defeat explosions (finally)
Added a title screen fade animation
Custom prophets and backgrounds are now stored across sessions in the application's data
Improved RGB color picker theme
Balancing updates
Bug fixes like game crashing on new bg color theme upgrade
Engine update to 3.3.4
Endless Custom Shooter 1.0 notes:
Initial release
Infernight 1.6 notes:
Added Essence collection sound
Added master volume, render resolution, and UI opacity options
Reduced application size
Engine update to Godot 3.3.2
Bug fix

I'm going to introduce crouching in Prophet Launcher 3D, then I'm going to clone it, and work on a survival horror fps.  

June 15, 2021: Print name of Godot node/object from script: print(str(collision.name.replace("@", "").replace(str(int(collision.name)), "")))

June 21, 2021: I've been making this horror game since I finished Endless Custom Shooter on June 13.  I've done so much work on 2-FMA.  The spoon withers away in my hand as I eat (metaphorically).  I stood in front of the mirror watching The Boondocks a lot.  I stopped listening to music, and I started watching the first three seasons of The Boondocks every day while I worked.

June 24, 2021: When someone gets on my nerves, and I have the opportunity (like at work), I'ma pull a Charlie's mom and loudly say, "I have to take a shit."  Then I'ma go to the bathroom.  I took 28 mg 4-HO-MiPT last night, and I had nice visuals while I lay down and watch TV.  I was comfortably sedated, with some stimulation keeping me a little tense as I lay down for the first hour.  This stimulation disappeared quickly and left me drifting off to sleep.  Now I'm taking 36 mg 4-AcO-DMT.  
T+2 hours: I don't like 4-AcO-DMT, just like shrooms.  Fuck 4-AcO-DMT.  I still accept it and embrace it just like other aspects of myself.  For T+1:30 to T+3:00, I was intermittently crying.  I remember sitting in my office chair and choking out tears for the words, "I want to be myself without amphetamines."  I lay in my bed around this time and watched rainbow faceless entities like Zoa from Yugioh creeping toward me.
T+3 hours: I watched The Boondocks and laughed to myself with my eyes closed.  The rest of the trip was very jolly, but that one hour during the peak entirely threw me off of the drug.  I also had some uncomfortable nausea during that time wherein I contemplated puking.  I remember laughing to myself, "HE GONE!" like Uncle Ruckus (in relation to amphetamine being gone rather than Thugnificent).

June 25, 2021: Endless Custom Shooter 1.02:
Added fullscreen option
Bug fix - hide initial options screen

June 26, 2021: I took 42 mg 4-HO-MiPT.  I just took a shower, made some pizza rolls, and did 30 curls with 50 pounds (I normally do 20-25 and I'm exhausted, but I feel very energetic with this chem!).

June 29, 2021: Acquire .42 XMR to buy 10 grams amphetamine sulphate and 5 grams MDMA.

July 4, 2021: Cambria Math and Gordiola are good fonts.  I just made my title screen on 4-HO-MiPT.

July 8, 2021: 4-HO-MiPT makes me really hungry.  I love going and getting a three piece mixed meal at Publix, grabbing muffins from the hotel, eating cereal, etc.  I can also sleep very easily on it.  

July 15, 2021: I've been taking 4-HO-MiPT 2-3 times per day for a while now.  I've been waking up at 12 AM - 3 AM for a bit now too.  I dreamed I was in my mom's house with Bruce, and then I saw a nuclear bomb go off over by Seneca to the west of my house.  It towered above the trees and swirled, and Bruce dipped back inside with me.  I asked, "Where do we go?" as we went downstairs.  He said, "As far as we can get."

July 18, 2021: I think 4-HO-MiPT is addictive.  I have a slight comedown and I've been scratching after like an hour and a half after eating it (after climax).  I'm about to eat some MDMA.  I took 160 mg of MDMA at 6:13 a.m.  

July 19, 2021: I smoked 55 mg of some ~30% potency DMT 6 hours after 200 mg MDMA.  I saw a purple-blue toroid inscribed with gibberish symbols in my ceiling.

July 20, 2021: I jacked off for 5 hours today on 220 mg MDMA.

July 21, 2021: I'm watching King of the Hill.  Two months ago, I started taking a break from 3-MeO-PCP.  After 3.5 years of heavy use, I've been doing the gasping for breath dance move in that Panda song: https://youtu.be/E5ONTXHS2mM?t=179.

July 22, 2021: I smoked DMT 6 hours after bombing 220 mg of MDMA.  I was launched toward breaking through into a white void, and I surged into a shining white tunnel enveloping about 80% of my open eyed vision, and at the end of that prickly star-shaped white tunnel in the far right corner of that white light was a prickly star-shaped shining pink light more pink than any pink I've ever seen.

July 24, 2021: I'm definitely addicted to MDMA and MDA now.  I'm having irritation from taking a day off today.  I've been taking it since July 19.  Now I'm on 38 mg 4-HO-MiPT.  Coming up at 30 minutes, I felt jolts of electricity going down my temples.  I closed my eyes and in silence fucked a rainbow girl until I came into two pretty rainbow girls on their knees with stars and hearts popping out of their eyes.  4-HO-MiPT makes me feel very powerful, and I try to be eloquent, and I find myself feeling exceptional but unable to express myself and simultaneously feel such extravagance.

August 1, 2021: Work on F.M.A. is almost done.  I've expanded the story from 25-30 minutes to 45-55 minutes.

August 3, 2021: Piano (unfinished): zb bv (xh?)  What if a woman was walked in on like that?  Someone carded into my room, and I said, "AY WHAT THE FUCK YOU WON'T?"  I received no response, and I had porn blasting with my dick in my hand while I was in my bed.  The person stood there for about five seconds, then closed the door.  There was not a word said.  It was blatantly a bad move.

<amp day> August 24, 2021: I finished, exported, and published For My Aspect (F.M.A.) today.  

August 28, 2021: I do believe most of ESA is in this gang.  The black staff here appear to be affiliated.  This girl Mercedes, this fat lady, this fat janitor guy with glasses, and this tall black dude with a short haircut and a name that starts with M.  He even mentioned throwing people under the bus (suspiciously in tone and expression) and I had him repeat it because my brain filtered it the first time.  I do believe he knows this gang, which is probably the massive Bloods conglomerate that has been making friendships and absorbing other gangs, has bumped me with their cars twice now.  The first was a skinny black lady with light brown skin who smiled and gassed it at me, bumping my pedestrian self with my hands on her hood, then sped away.  The other was a fat black guy with circular glasses who was trying to keep a straight face during the incident.  He succeeded, but I could tell he was trying to have no reaction.  This disgusts me.  They had me go do laundry in the other building so they could send like 50 gang members to be running all around trying to look intimidating.  I had my hand on my pocket knife while I was carrying my laundry, and I watched them encircling me and smiling while playing their stupid game.  Another time, a black guy followed me while taking my dog back inside.  He was talking on the phone and said, "I think I'm about to get a dog."  I had my hand on my pocket knife again.  He dropped off following me.  The fat black lady who works here asked me if there were a lot of people when I went to Walmart.  By her expression I'm certain she is in on the gang and knows about the laundry incident.  All of them were acting suspiciously at the time.  

August 29, 2021: 
--Too Much Gang Intimidation Tactics in Atlanta--

I tried making a post, but it was deleted.

This is especially about the Intown Suites and ESA motels.  Gang members intimidate people by having them go get laundry from another gang infested building so they can beleaguer you and see if they can rob you. They also might pilfer one item of your laundry (and guarantee the management is in on their scheme) to see if they can rob you. They will probably make intimidating remarks outside your door like, "Okay, first we'll hit him over the head." Also, they program the Wi-Fi to turn off at specific intervals to see if they can rob you. Also, they use shopping carts as signals of drug sale locations. They might use smoke signals to warn residents on occasion.

I tried to order two pocket knives off Amazon for self defense (even though I already have one), and they stole it off the doorstep after intentionally putting in a place where they could steal it.  The motel worker guy mentioned he thought he had another package for me in a fake tone, and before he finished, I mentioned it was stolen and left.  This is getting out of hand. The FBI estimates 5% of Atlanta is gang infested, and in motels its wayyy higher. All these gang members are going to know exactly who I am, but will that help them? Knowledge is power.

<song>----Coonies on the Ground----
God damn niggers cooning out the trees,
My white daughter choppin' down niggies.
Coonies on the ground, coonies on the ground,
Get your coonies off my ground!

August 30, 2021: I took 12 mg of amp 4 times today.  I passed out watching TV at 11:30 p.m. tonight and woke up at 1:15 a.m.  I started playing music really loud I guess, and the cops came.  I apologized, and they left.  Anyway, the interesting part is I was hallucinating rainbow faces at that time.  I remember standing up staring down at my bed and seeing a mostly red demon face with pointed angry eyes and a massive fang ridden, sadistic smile forming its entire chin and most of its lower head up to its ear.  It was beveled up at the top and curved to a pointed chin at the bottom.  It was formed of and covered the back right quarter of the bed.  I also lusted for violence.  This was at like 2 a.m.  I can see rainbow trails and boxes forming in the environment all around me.  Now it's 3:20, and those things are disappearing.  I don't remember any of the other faces I saw.  I don't remember any of the other visual hallucinations except lots of intense swirling rainbow lines and mists and some small amount of white mist at the center while I was hearing those screams, whispers, and demands.  "Attack, kill kill kill, go, finish it, end this, seize it."  The voices were layered multiple at a time and fading in and out like the visuals intensely fading into rainbows and whites and back to the blackness of my eyes closed.  Not long ago, I could hear whispers and screaming in my brain as if it was really there, but this occurred only 2-3 times and only for like 5 seconds at a time.  It looks as if this disorder will be afflicting me more seriously than I thought for the rest of my life.  If I stop eating amphetamine now, this is what will happen to me again, just like every other time.
4:22 - Eyes open, the room briefly turned into a 2D blotted painting of a slightly rainbow version of itself, but rainbows were like 10% opacity (Paint.NET measured) this time instead of like 99% like at 3 AM.
4:52 - Eyes closed, I saw a rainbow version of my 1509 Emerson Avenue street and house appear, transform into a different two story house, and transform back into my house and then disappear.  The color was like 50% opacity over the blackness of my eyelids.
6:08 - With open eyes in the dark, I saw a 95-100% opacity naked rainbow woman lying in midair as I lay dazed on my bed.  She had her feet to me and was posed at about 315 degrees using a circle on the ground in front of me.  She looked like that girl Taylor (I think she's really pretty).  She said, laughing all the while, "We're going to have so much fun together!"  This was followed by more laughs as she swirled into a counterclockwise maelstrom and vanished.

August 31, 2021: Dude they even push OTA updates to fuck with people here at ESA.  I knew this was coming once I saw their custom TV overlay, lack of settings, and they changed the automatic zoom level on the TV from force 16:9 to pixel by pixel.  Now they just pushed an update to change it back to force 16:9.  Also, the whole system is designed to be as slow and annoying as possible.  They even have a 45 cent item in the vending machine that's broken, and they leave it there for fun (I told them about it).  They probably laugh like, "Who would believe that?  Who would sell a rice krispie treat for 45 cents?"

September 1, 2021: I just clutched a 1v5 and defused the bomb in 45 seconds in Modern Warfare.  Damn son.  I got 2 snipes, 2 shotguns, and then finished with a snipe hitmarker in the right leg and an ADS shotgun to the chest while strafing forward from behind cover.  I used an AX-50 and a Model 680 (the AX-5150 & the ModeL).

September 10, 2021: I'm still seeing faces at like 7 AM, 11 AM, 3 PM, 7 PM, and 9 PM, when my amphetamine wears off.  It's 12:43, and I'm seeing rainbow faces in thin air, subdivisions this screen into shapes like cubes and triangles.  I can see a rainbow smile below this as I type.  I just reached for an illusory water bottle (I'm sitting in the dark).  The cute anime girl wallpaper I have with blue hair and black wings morphs into greater and more far reaching smiles with gleaming thin eyes then morphs back into the original only to morph into a different smiley face.  The smiley faces are as big as my laptop screen right now.  Earlier they have been as big as half my queen size bed.  The anime girl is winking at me, turning her head, and such.
11:47 p.m.: I was feeling like I had a literal 6 inch wide hole in my forehead for like day 3 to even today, although the feeling peaked at like a week when I had that white out.  Now I feel like I have a 1 inch hole in my head.  Sometimes it feels like the density of that 1 inch area is increasing by a lot.  I felt lightning in my entire forehead after like a couple days of medicating.  I'm tripping less balls now.

September 11, 2021: Fucking niggers.  They watch for the things I like at the grocery store and take them off the shelf to fuck with me.  Fucking niggers.
Hershey cookies & cream, honey chex mix, pepperjack cheese, boar's head fried chicken, these niggers are fucking monsters.  They talk of things I watch in the motel at the grocery stores too.  There are people who are walking around in the grocery store and not buying anything.  I saw 3 Mexican dudes and a white guy with sunglasses and a baseball cap today doing just that.  I'm being watch by the government, a black gang, and a Mexican gang.  This is bullshit.  
I can't believe my old manager kept calling me "Mikey" and laughing at me while I was trying to medicate with amphetamine.  I was just watching the Halloween remake and then the original.  I still like Halloween 4 most, and although it's the most tense, I like Friday the 13th VI: Jason Lives more.  The opening scene is unforgettably badass.  Teja called me a "good for nothing" 5 times in a row to my face.  She wouldn't leave me alone and made it her mission to fuck me over as much as possible then play the victim.  She would allude to me being a bad person and then try to judge my reaction.  She called me a "good for nothing" five times in a row to my face when she knew I was at one of my weakest moments with ADHD, and then she smiled viciously and ended the conversation.  She would always be making jokes while I was trying to work.  I would ask her to leave me alone, and she would refuse and continue to talk shit.  She even clenched her fist and glared at me one morning during our morning stand up meeting.  Once she walked into a room when I was jamming to music a little too loudly and said right to me, "Do you want to die?"  She would coordinate with my new manager Atul and most other people near us to fuck me over.  I was set up to get fucked over by Atul and Teja; they picked me to be on their team to do just that.  It was disgusting, and I didn't want to call her "Indian shit" or something else profane and personal at the time, but I do now.  If I see that bitch again, I'm going to have to say something profane and depart her presence.

September 13, 2021: It was bullshit.  I was set up.  The motherfuckers in that gang work as a janitor there, and she told on me.  She knows this guy I know named Tyre Johnson-King who was at GT.  He told me the police searched his stuff.  I actually took amphetamine that night and left my stuff like 30 feet away and the janitor told the cops to come check it out.  I fucking hate them.  I made a sharpie t-shirt listing all the bullshit they did.  I wore it yesterday.  I saw the black chicken line people freaking out about it.  Obama's fucking gay.  Pisses me off.  It's not supposed to happen that way.  The dirty needle thing was a set up too.  I had a tuberculosis test, and my arm hurt for like 14 hours, all night until I went to court.  My roommate was a black guy who was bald on top with white hair on the sides.  He was well spoken and claimed to have a Bachelors of Religious Studies.  He said he came by mistake due to mistakenly missing a court date.  He left at the same time as me, but I never went to court with him nor did I ever see him processed.  He just kind of showed up.  He followed me from the jail to the McDonalds next to Intown Suites.  He changed tone very quickly and tried to convince me there were people following me and him everywhere, including FBI.  He never had his arm hurt from that TB test (which he may never have had, considering I think he was a Bloods gang operative).  Nobody else had their arm hurt.  There's an interesting South Park episode called The Poor Kid where they talk about the same arm hurting dirty needle jail thing happening.  It has Dr. Pepper, and I've been watching South Park rather loudly enough to hear from the hallway if you listen close to my door.  On like May 28 or so, I freaked out again on MDA and amphetamine by licking my scale.  Some fat black lady at Walmart mentioned Dr. Pepper rather awkwardly as I walked past.  
So I'm never going to jail again.  I'ma stay on the straight and narrow path of hiding all my shit.

When I first met Andy Park, he asked me if I had my driver's license with an unusual look of knowledge on his face.  This is an uncommon question for someone who is 18.  Also, he told a lot of stupid lies.  I'm 99% sure he is affiliated with the government somehow.  That's annoying because these shadowed people come to interfere in my life for their amusement or assurance.  

A medium build caramel colored woman with short hair and bangs smiled viciously and bumped me with her SUV.  This was halfway between my basement apartment at 589 Elmwood Dr NE and McDonalds.  She then left in a rapid hurry.  I also left.  Then 6 months later, a fat black guy with glasses and his eyes sewn half shut bumped me halfway between InTown Suites and the Walmart.  He looked at me with a blank stare.  These were both intentional.  I think the dude asked e for the directions to Walmart after I moved to motherfuckin' ESA.  This is bullshit.

September 14, 2021: I saw a rainbow tendril dragon with its fang ridden mouth agape coming straight at me from the top of the wall in front of me.  My pillow disintegrated into puzzle pieces.  I'm watching a myriad of eyes and mouths swirling like Pride too.  I can't really see much complexities like an entire girl.  The dragon appeared very briefly (like a 2 second charge) then disappeared.  This is all open eyed.  I'm sitting in the dark and smoking, and it's 12:25, 85 minutes after eating amp.  I can see things slipping and sliding across my vision and my leather chair backrest extended up to about twice the height.

September 15, 2021: I saw a BLM protest of like 50 jeeps go by.  This was about 9 months ago in December or January.  I'm watching Pet Sematary 2.  I remember some black stripper girl in Platinum Club asking if I wanted to come to her house where they would make some mashed potatoes for me or whatever I wanted.  When I got here, some fat black lady said in the hallway, "They better not try to take my dog away."  I never saw her with a dog.  I think it might be the same lady that scornfully calls me "big guy" and "big man" with a nasty look on her face.  When I returned to Intown Suites to get my things and pack them up, there was a lollipop in my dog's cage, and Breezy was chewing it between his paws.  Shortly before that, there was also a fat black bitch with black sunglasses recklessly driving me in an Uber with one hand while holding out a lollipop.  There was some black girl who rather awkwardly and seemingly in the form of exposition called her dog "Buddy" after walking outside ESA.  I can't prove the mashed potatoes and "buddy" thing are a part of that plot, but it seems like it.  Tyre also mentioned they follow some kind of script.  

Black woman called out to my dog and said, "Come here _".  Then a black dude walked up to my dog, looked me in the eye, brushed up against him, then walked away.  I said "hello" and he said nothing.  Just now.  Proving all this shit.  I can't remember the name she called him.  Something starting with a t.  They were already waiting for me in the hallway.  A fat lady and some dude
They're plotting their next move you bet.  A lot of time, when the wifi goes off, I hear a door shut.  I go outside, but no one is ever there.  It must be a signal.  About ten days ago when I last did laundry, someone intentionally put a pair of brown women's panties and a black and white striped sock into my laundry.  When I went in to the laundry room, there were two people screwing with the vending machine.  As I was leaving the laundry room, something was mumbled about a Ferrari cake (like Satan from South Park).  Fucking assholes.  It was probably them.
I once had an interview with a suspected latino gang member who sounded about 40 and was asking me if I was interested in moving to Greenville.  He sounded very suspect in tone.

September 16, 2021: I'll stop focusing on external people now.  I need to be concerned with finding a job soon.  A latino guy took a picture of me while I was walking back from Publix today, but he pretended to take a picture of a speed checkpoint.  I'm still seeing faces at 12:39.  Earlier today I saw a fainter dragon start to come to life, but it barely formed.  I saw a ghoulish face appear in the smoke drifting up from my bong about an hour ago.  I can still see toothy smiles and ecstatic yet vicious dragon eyes watching me.  Occasionally an object like the TV might dissipate into symmetrical wings (repetitions of circles/ovals).  

September 17, 2021: I think the gang intends to harm Breezy.  In addition to my professor's comments about this Sama Doh, one of the first questions he always asks me is, "How is the dog?"  He has very purposefully never referred to Breezy by name.  He is an evil puppeteer of the Atlantian Nigger Society.  
For a second, I glanced at Breezy lying next to my bed on the ground, and his head looked like one of those giant eyeballs full of a myriad of eyes (like a fly's).
I remember that one time that latino and latina rented the room above me and had loud sex to try to fuck with me, so I banged on the ceiling.  They were outside waiting for me and said hello to me while staring.  That's disrespectful.
11:59: I saw blue lines weaving about with my eyes closed.  There is a smile curled from the bottom of my laptop display.  Eyes open and close as they stare at me.  I see myself holding up nothing in the palm of my hand in rainbow colors in my screen.  It morphed to crosshatch lines while I was typing.

September 18, 2021: The angel demon girl very rapidly shakes her face at me and laughs as I look at my wallpaper.  
The gang had a 45 cent Rice Krispie option in their vending machine at ESA that actually costs $1.25.  It was a good deal, so I tried to get it.  I told them, and nothing happened.  The girl at the desk kept smiling.  Some big and tall black Publix bagger said to me, "Riiiice.  You like the way I say that?"  
was making some huge joke because he had an equally huge toothy grin and nod on his face.
Also, the fridge I had was deteriorating on and off.  I think the maintenance people here had an idea of that and were using it as a joke.  "Protect me" and "cool" were used around it, but those are admittedly very generic.  There was the strange smell of maple syrup in the pesticide used behind my fridge by the ESA maintenance people, just like in the South Park episode Cartman's Incredible Gift.  The same maintenance people were modifying the laundry room vending machines just before women's panties and the sock were inserted into my laundry. The gang here also appears to use the "Back door TV 2.v" Wi-Fi while intermittently taking down the customer Wi-Fi ESAConnect.  A couple weeks after  I moved here, they delisted the employee ESA Wi-Fi network SSID.  I actually might be subsidizing gang motel housing prices because I've seen my rate go down from $386 to ~$320 per week randomly, and despite repeated questioning to a hugely fat black female employee, I received a steadfast nonsensical answer, as expected.  Some fat black employee also said with a huge grin on his face to this skinny crackhead looking caramel colored black woman walking away from the counter, "I knocked a hundred off" (I don't remember the rest of the sentence, but it was about money {they have an online 20% off thing for cover, but it doesn't appear to work}).  I just reported the Fulton County Jail for corruption to the FBI and mentioned the needle and the mostly bald black guy with glasses who was apparently a "radical Christian scientist terrorist wanted by the FBI".
2:35 - Lying in my bed I just saw a ~30% opacity rainbow girl coming at me with my eyes closed (Paint.NET measured).  With a light grey face, she walked 3-4 steps then morphed into a roaring lion head which morphed into a dragon with its mouth gaping open then disappeared.  There was no sound.

September 19, 2021: 
9:00 a.m. - I was walking back from McDonalds, and on arriving at about 50 feet from the building door, a latino guy took out his phone and starting acting strangely with it.  I asked him if he knew about a latina girl at Platinum Club giving me an STD.  He said no, but his eyes were very wide, and then he walked forward a couple paces as I simultaneously turned around and left, telling him I had nothing else to discuss.
2:00 p.m. - I saw a rainbow drake like Lesser Dragon rise and roar from lying on the ground and then fly off as it morphed into a rainbow red eyes black dragon flying away.
3:03 p.m. - A ziplock bag with a microfiber cloth in it looks like a fox holding daggers backwards with each arm curled toward its chest.  I just ate a 32 mg dose of amphetamine.
I remember a while ago, that one normal sized black guy named Mark working in the office said, "I ain't seen nobody but you complain" with regards to my complaint about the internet intermittently messing up.  This is also the guy who said, "No need to throw anyone under the bus" when I was asking about changing rates and I got a weird answer from caramel colored black girl Natasha.  He also said, "We didn't get to get a good look at you".  I remember when I first came to GA Tech, some big black guy in a black suit and black sunglasses said he came from Colorado with some weed.  He was waiting outside my dorm door to talk to me.  I told him to check the fraternities and he left as I went to get dinner/lunch at North Ave. dining.  Seeing all this South Park stuff about criminal enterprises in Denver, Colorado has me thinking they're trying to do the same shit here.  They're watching me to see when I snitch.  Some black guy was waiting in a jeep not that long ago, smoking something that smelled a little foul, and he said, "Yep, I see him."  
Tyre mentioned his parents wouldn't give him money because they thought he was shooting dope and stuff, but I'm pretty sure his gang is telling that about me.  
Sama mentioned, "I want to go to Burger King" a few times in a manner indicative of his involvement there (like South Park).
The gang is almost certainly using me as a test to see if they can get away with assassinating or sickening someone in the jail or denying licenses to anyone they don't like.  That girl Mercedes even mentioned strongly I should be the president.  She also awkwardly mentioned people in Brazil chopping people's heads off.  This is fucked.  I'm almost sure she knows about this stuff.
I think the gang is also spamming my phone and stealing money from corporations through their IT connections.  The black IT guy at Verizon Connect I talked to with rather squinty eyes and a shaved head was suspicious as he talked to me about lunch for programming a stock market buying program.  I wasn't sure of the legality of such things so I said I would talk about it.  He never talked to me again.  His character seemed too secretive and lightly antagonistic to be involved with the government, but this is just speculation here.  Multiple black Uber drivers have said they're learning IT.

September 21, 2021: That guy Tyre told me his mom died as a last ditch lie to get to stay in my apartment on Elmwood after staying there 4 months.  He's a gang member, and he tried to make it seem like he warned me.  He's a traitor, and he still owes me $400, so that's all with which I'm willing to interact with him.  The last thing he tried to do was get more money from me on the phone a couple years ago, and the very last thing he said was, "These people are crackheads yo" and then he hung up while there were loud people talking and music in the background.  He and his entire organization are not to ever be trusted, which was known, but now I know the extent of their attempt at influence and treachery.
I remember when I was kicked out of ZBT for saying "I should kill you.  No what am I saying, I shouldn't even be making fun of you."  Then I stopped and went to sleep, and not a word was heard from Ian until the next day (all he did was sit up and shake his hand like he was annoyed).  I agreed to go with the cops to the Dean of Students, where he tried to hurt my feelings.  The thing is, Ian was once talking with his girlfriend about pinning someone to the ground and snapping their neck if they were threatened (while looking at me every so often with happy faces).
That fat lady at Solace lied about me to get me kicked out.  My dog did pee in the elevator, but she did not tell me twice to clean my stove.  It was once, and it wasn't even dirty, and I had cleaned it.  She didn't even look again.  She wanted to screw me over, I could see it in her eyes.  
5:23 - Someone banged on something steel loudly in the hallway 3 times. ???
7:02 - I saw a brilliant rainbow dragon like the red dragon of Dragon's Nest from Dragons of Deltora lurching toward me.

September 23, 2021: A fat latino guy with glasses and two small chihuahua sized dogs (like Max with my cousin Crystal) was waiting at my door when I got back with Breezy today.  He looked gay.  He said he was sorry for being at the wrong room, and as he left, I noted I didn't believe him.  I received no response at all.  He was definitely lying.  
3:27 - Now, instead of cycling the wifi signal on and off every 30 minutes, the gang infested IT department for ESA is dropping packets every so often.  I can't forget they made that insignificant OTA update for the TV that changed the zoom level.  I'm writing all this down so I can go back over it later with clear memory.  Alternatively, someone else could always find it and analyze it, but that is of no consequence to me, so it is pointless to consider for very long the eventual benefit to the population.
4:18 - I remember when I went to Wingstop on PCP, a security guard was silently laughing and walking awkwardly by, looked at me, and said, "Teja" in a gotcha kind of way.  Perhaps the Indians are working with the blacks and latinos.  When I went to Platinum Club, the guy said, "Let me see your papers."  He knew I didn't have my hard copy of my license.  He also said, "You can't be comin' in here with that water shit."  In his defense, I had walked up to the front with a bottle of water in my jacket when he searched me.  Taylor said, "Slap it."  She definitely knows about the guy and girl trying to piss me off upstairs back at Elmwood.  She also said, "You can't come in here like that."  She already has lines and gestures like that prepared so she knows how to play her twisted game.  She squeaked like a puppy to try to freak me out once while giving me a lap dance.  Weird.  I'm not playing those games.  I don't feel good from doing things differently.

September 24, 2021: 12:23 a.m. - Cartman's voice in Jewpacabra on South Park melted into a single incomprehensible inflection of syllabic slurs.  I rewound it, and he said, "I'm really not behind this whole Christ thing."  It actually sounded like it had no pauses between words so it was a really long, inflected slur.
10:28 a.m. - I woke up late to take my amphetamine.  A while ago, I think some organization involved with the government served up some pedophilia video to the random front page recommendations of my PornHub visit.  I viewed that video twice, and even though the girl seemed sketchy, I chose to believe she was at least 18 like the other women on the site.  Now, I think someone served me up a real or fake pedophilia video as a test, and it got PornHub's user content wiped.  The PornHub user content wipe happened not long after I banged the stripper and had that weird video.  I'm still analyzing everyone to see if anyone spills any beans, because if they do, I'm going to expose them for the lying pieces of shit they really are.  I saw something about ovaltine and clyde frog in the Go God Go episode of South Park, so if parts of their script are from South Park, it would make sense.  That Som guy who I think is an FBI agent mentioned South Park very fondly, and stared very far outside the window saying, "Yes, everything is going to be OK."
At jail, I told this black lady I couldn't read the thing they wanted me to sign, so I asked her to explain it.  After like her 5th time explaining it, I told her I could neither understand her nor read the document, so I was begrudgingly going to sign the unknown document.  I couldn't read because I medicated that one night with amphetamine as a test, and I was impeded by the police right after that.
I'm pretty sure the medium build tall white guy who started working downstairs in the office is a government employee.  He gave me the wrong kind of keycard which was blue even though keycards also just changed from green/brown to green.  Also, it was not programmed correctly.  Also, he was trying to screw with my head as I dissociated from his words.  Just yesterday, there was a medium height fat white guy hanging out watching the office employee ask to talk to me after I walked my dog.  
Tyre told me he was going to rob that old white lady he was talking to.  He said he was going to sell her car without her permission.
After listening to Antoine Dodson's hide ya X speech, which I think was faked, and writing it down on my T-shirt listing gang members affronts on me, that video has been made private.  
I remember when I lost my mind and was investigating outside being a little loud, the fat janitor lady knew my name already but was reluctant to use it.  She is in that gang too, as are most of the staff.  They're all communicating about how to screw me over as best they can.  That new white guy appears to be involved with the government in some way, based on his deliberate mannerisms, sudden appearance, and watchful gaze.
There are people who know me who know things that could help me with ADHD, but they chose not to tell me, instead preferring to prod the validity of my ADHD statement and laugh at me.  Taylor said, "We know we made your dreams come true."  But the caveat I notice is she stopped smiling and donned a serious tone to say that.  She knew that this unknown STD would trigger my ADHD and thought it funny this whole time.  There's no way we can be friends.  We are enemies, but I still wish the best for my enemies somewhere far away from me.  
The government has been standing by and watching me the whole time, and I KNOW that they know things that could help me such as the amphetamine cessation and MDA thing, which I won't reveal to anyone until they admit they know it screwed me over and I expose them for the bastards they are.  
In the McDonalds next to Intown Suites, a lady was wearing gloves and refusing to let me use a wall outlet near her.  She had a nasty look on her face from the start and lied about working there.  Some worker was already there and said, "We'll find you a new outlet."  They already knew who I was.  I could see it in there faces.  She said, "No because I work here and I can kick you out."  She was lying.  I think she was a frequenter.  Some skinny caramel lady at Publix chicken counter next to ESA said with a look of contempt on her face, "My glove keeps coming off."  She also said it in a condescending, illegitimate way.  A lot of those Boar's Head workers know me and try to screw with me (two knots for the plastic wrap around my bread roll, random fat black dude purposefully holding my food and pretending to work for a few minutes).  Anyway, enough of the glove.  Two black guys came into McDonalds and while standing in line one retorted to the other, "No I forgot."  They said it as if to demean someone around them (almost certainly me).  I'm going based on tone alone here as their backs were to me, but it reaffirms my suspicion they intend to prey on the weak using groups and corporations.  Also, when I was waiting to get my keycard from the cleaning lady (which was shoved through the mail slip and I was looked at like I was a terrorist), there were two black guys in some car behind me just watching me.  One said, "So predictable."  I don't remember what happened after that because the corrupt management and cop woke me up saying they told me to leave the day before, which was not true.  The cop also lied and said I couldn't be evicted, but he did let me go even though I knew he could smell the disgusting smell of toxic meth pee in my bathroom, the leftovers of my experiment which destroyed parts of my body but gave me more knowledge of things like dopamine, adrenaline, and acetylcholine systems.
4:36 - I just snapped my aim onto a guy with an AMAX in MW with my right hand, but I fumbled my left hand and hit R instead of C.
5:24 - I'm just now noting the time both my website and itch.io went down because of a server incident.  I can't help but think it was related to me, so I'm posting that I have a digital journal on LinkedIn too.  There was also that time when I got out of jail and was waiting on a bench all day for the police to return my cell phone, clothes, and the entirety of my other belongings.  And a short skinny black guy and tall bald white guy came and the black guy said they had people watching me on every corner, and he had a .44 magnum.  I told him to pull it on me because I knew he was bluffing.  The white guy said he was about peace and was composed the whole time, but the black guy was very erratic.  They left.  They were either government agents or homeless folk in that black and latino coalition gang, but since that guy was pretty white I think they were government trying to probe the validity of my ADHD.  I'm pretty sure when the gang members were screwing with me on MARTA and the DMV, the government was trying to coax me into their trunks and shit on the way back.  I was starting to hallucinate very strongly at that time and had intense paranoia I couldn't deny, so I'm unsure on the government part since it happened on my way back from the DMV.  It's very probably since the government has been watching me for a long time.  The Gin and Vodka thing in Case Closed has me thinking that perhaps the government really did poison me with dexamp that one time I was on the MARTA.  I remember Teja saying with a very dark tone and expression, "Maybe you should get a drink."  I really don't think I'm overthinking it.  They're watching me now in tandem with the gang(s).  Perhaps they're going to put something in those muffins.  It's a dangerous time to trust anyone right now.
6:40 - Eyes closed, I saw a naked woman facing me spreading her legs and sitting up straight while twirling her hair.  She looked like a skinny white purple haired girl like the porn star Dani Jensen but whiter and with purple hair.  This hallucination was 95-100% opacity, quite the distinction from the 30% opacity girl I saw walking toward me last.
7:05 - I just ate the amphetamine.  I saw my ajar drawer to my left curl into a mouth with fangs.  I can see eyes and mouths ripping into the environment like Pride from FMA.  The distortions are very vivid and reminiscent of glutaminergic and cholinergic impacts. 
11:08 - Fluctuations appear so random.  I'm seeing the Pride-style fangs and eyes again as well as random smiles, but this isn't as intense as about four hours ago with the woman I saw facing me.
September 25, 2021: I still wonder if that bus hitting that car in front of me was due to that gang.  I used some of my adrenaline to make sure I got out of the way.  Something seemed fishy, especially when that Mark guy (who's gone) mentioned not throwing anyone under the bus and not seeing anyone else but me complain.  
I just complained again about the Wi-Fi going down for anyone the gang doesn't like while the gang uses "Back door TV 2.v".
10:30 - I've been mostly sitting in the dark for the past 5 weeks or so watching these illusions.  I just saw a realistic looking rendition of Breezy slinking along the ground between my bed and this desk to get to his food and water bowl next to the ESA kitchen.  I followed it with my eyes after it caught my attention, and it disappeared.  It looked realistic, so I really thought it was him, so I looked all the way down and even shuffled back to brush against the bed and give the illusion space.  
I think these gangsters have been telling their kids to run up to me and peer at me from the doorway to try to screw with me.  There's been way too many weird instances, and I think they might actually be trying to use their children as somewhat of a weapon.  About 5 months ago or so, standing and loitering outside Publix there was a group of black kids between ages like 8 and 16, and I think they are involved in a gang because of the looks on their faces, their bodily mannerisms, and the way they tried to use words to screw me over as I packed up my stuff (I don't remember what they were talking about).  All of this coupled with the MARTA stuff, Sama Doh's very strange mannerisms, and Sama Doh's strange connect who helped me do 500 hours then creepily spouted off trying to get me interested in his high school daughter.  He was dodgy and emailed me at a different email to continue talking after speaking a lot about his daughter.  There's a lot here to confirm that there is also a concerted gang effort to waste my time with suggestions of pedophilia.  I'm only interested in women my own age or slightly older.  
Not only that, there is an organized effort through a gang multimedia messaging platform to target me with all sorts of bullshit suggestions, like Sama Doh's recognition of the female human as nothing more than a hole.  The point of bullshitting me like this is to use me for their laughter, and then get rid of me by making me look insane and jailing or killing me, whether by "accidental" MARTA bus slaying or "accidental" jail sickness from their dirty needle.  I remember  unlocking my door with my dog, and some janitor lady with a big smile said in a low, condescending tone, "Yes, you listen to us, don't you?"  They consider me an "outlet" or a "dog" for them to release their frustration.
There were fully grown homeless looking people sitting outside who said, "We don't need to kill anyone now."  This was done loudly to attempt to agitate or influence me, but they didn't actually appear gang related; they appeared to be independent homeless.  Even if it's not related, I want to document it anyway because it was strange.
That stupid contract I signed with Sama Doh when I could barely read was signed with a lawyer present.  They both knew the contract lied, and so did I, but I signed it anyway since I knew it would be void.  The lawyer didn't look too happy, but Sama Doh looked oh so gleeful.  The last thing that lawyer said to me was, "Be careful."  Whatever.  I can see he is scared, but I am not.
The TV in here has the bass programmed up, possibly to fuck me over and blame me for a popped speaker.
The government was watching me in Modern Warfare about 14 months ago.  Funny stuff was going on around me for a while, so I asked someone to guess my name, and someone told me over the mic in CoD: "Joseph".  I asked, "How did you know?"  He said, "That's what it says on the screen."  He sounded like a mid-30's white male cop.  I think people are trying to poison my mind through CoD too.  That happened for a while between July 2020 and October 2020, and I suspect it to have sporadically happened between then and now.  I think it might be ticking back up again.  Strange things are said on the mic that are not completely coincidental.  There's shit talking in CoD, and then there's being targeted online.  I've been playing CoD for a while, high and not, so I think I can tell the difference pretty decently.  I've also been target by a gang for like 4 years, so I think I can tell the difference.  Tonal differences like serious reactions to lighthearted questions.  People may try to stay relatively silent, so body language is also important in the real world.  In CoD, people can use movements to relate they know something you don't, although I can't think of any instances like that.  Perhaps some instances of Search & Destroy were staged in a way.
That Teja woman called me a good for nothing over and over until I cracked a laugh of hatred.  What a bitch!  In regards to the possible MARTA poisoning thing, I heard some Indian people mention a MARTA incident around me in a provocative manner.  
That gay neighbor Zach lied and spewed shit from his mouth until I was shaking and banging my left hand on the ground because I was amazed I couldn't feel it.  I pointed at the sun and asked, "Do you want that thing to come down right now?"  What an asshole!  To be fair, he didn't say anything super horrendous; I reacted that way because he was gay.  He was almost always very nice to me except a few times.  I literally can't stand gay people.  That encounter was also captured on a video camera, so if I see that video, I'm going to demand it be turned over to me or deleted so I can upload it to my YouTube.  They can keep a copy.  I still wonder if that Zach guy was some sort of government spy.  
4:40 - I saw a rainbow woman manifest while I was standing up listening to music playing from a speaker behind me.  This was a very short manifestation of less than half a second.  They're getting shorter and less frequent as expected.  This literally shows my neurotransmitter systems are similarly performing.
5:13 - I remember there was a guy rushing ZBT with a drinking problem who wouldn't stop talking about F.M.A. Brotherhood who seemed kinda strange.  I wonder if he was gov affiliated.  I thought about it at the time, keeping in mind the Gin and Vodka story.
8:51 p.m. - A bunch of black people were hanging out outside walking around, sitting in cars, and sitting on the curb.  Nobody was together.  Some dude called out something but all I caught was "white boy".  There was a car camping the exit street from ESA that pulled toward me when I walked outside.  These camping cars pulling around when I exit are pretty common.  Breezy tried to walk while taking a shit but I reprimanded him.  While walking around from the front to the trash can back out back, a car pulled out of ESA.  There was a cutip left in the hallway earlier that's been cleaned.  There has been different pieces of trash put there though.  There's lots of trash in the stairwell.  Of course it's related to me.  I complained about the Wi-Fi being segregated by caste today.  It's probably that.  
September 26, 2021: I woke up at 5 a.m. this morning for like 10 minutes.  I was tripping balls and just wanted to go back to sleep.
I'm pretty sure someone friends with the staff at the Cheetah strip club switched my drink with an alcoholic one.  Then the stripper I was trying to get a dance from said she couldn't do it because she had been drinking, but she sounded like she was trying to be mean by lying to me.  They stole my wallet overnight, and then told me I could never return.
9:41 a.m. - I just saw my wall 10 feet away completely dissolve into mostly blue yet rainbow squares about 1 cm in length.  I didn't notice any effect on the floor, ceiling, or edges of the wall, but those parts were in my periphery.
I heard Sama Doh mention Atul's name one time.  He also said he knows people at my work.  Combined with the security guard mentioning Teja, it suggests they are working together.  However, they could just be trying to make me believe that.  
That girl Mercedes once said, "You look drained."  I'm sure she knows something about my STD thing.  There must be a ton of people who know and just won't tell me because they'd rather laugh.  I also still can't get a damn job, so medicine is useless if I don't have food, and I can't weigh out and eat amphetamine in a timely manner unless I have a domicile.
3:04 - I just got called "white boy" again by one of two giggling black people sitting outside Publix.
Even though we used her condom, she gave me an STD on purpose.  She used some sort of really warm lube which might have melted the condom.  Also, she smiled really big and pricked at the end of the condom as a joke after we fucked.  Then she left.  
4:15 - I went back and asked again for the Wi-Fi to be fixed.  Wi-Fi ask #4.  Often I hear a door open.
11:13 p.m. - About a week ago, several nearby grocery store employees were yapping at the same time when I was checking out at Publix, and while talking to the cashier the next thing I know I yelled out some lie about eating Adderall soon, then my vision unblurred and my prefrontal cortex retook control.  
12:59 a.m. - My bong a meter away has a smiley face across it in the middle along the  ice catch.  Going to sleep, with eyes closed I could see the ever changing small face of rainbow women like dark magician girl and Yuno centered in the middle of a misty rainbow swirl.
September 27, 2021: I remember a week after I fucked that girl ESi at Platinum Club, I thought the Indian mafia was coming to kill me.  That's why I quit.  I thought they were going to screw me over as much as they could and then try to get me killed in an "accident".  I started running around having more sex and supporting Donald Trump until I started eating amphetamine again.  
7:44 p.m. - A black guy and his girlfriend pulled over to the side of the road slowly and pulled up beside me as I was crossing the street next to ESA.  The girl started coughing, but it was totally fake.  She was trying to get me sick with COVID.  An elderly Asian couple walking past witnessed it, and I even pointed out their car to them. 
I remember when I first got to Intown Suites, some fat black lady said my dog needed "a shave".  A black guy said outside my window one time, "Bet he won't do it again though." 

September 29, 2021: 7:45 a.m. - I asked someone in the lobby to help with the Wi-Fi again.
I remember Taylor saying, "That's enough sex for you."  She had a wicked grin on her face though.  I wonder if they're trying to sterilize me somehow.  Combined with the needle thing, it's got me wondering.  I need to figure out this STD thing, but without insurance, it's useless.  It's been like 14 months now.
I remember Teja asking if I want to be homeless.  That cop that helped the gang kick me out of Intown Suites mentioned that too.  I'm not sure if such things are related.  There's that artist episode of Case Closed called Dead Hobo.  She would also randomly say random shit like a lot of people, just to "know how you react."  "Ha.  Take it?"  "Do you have a plan?"  "How many friends do you have?"  "How would they know?"  "A victim?"  "Face?!"  "To me your are shit.  A good for nothing.  Good for nothing.  Good for nothing.  Good for nothing.  Good for nothing.  Okay?!"  She would say anything to try to make me feel bad.  She even said sorry one time, but did it as she was leaving, with no context, and with her back turned to me.  She never even looked back after saying that.  She kept harassing me.  I even told my manager Atul.  It was still a big joke to them.  She would also coordinate with this black guy named Daniel and several of the Indian folk.  "Do you want me to ask Daniel to show you how it's done?"  I still can't help but wonder if she's with that gang.  Perhaps that gang member only said such things passing by to confuse me.
My aunt pisses me off by drip feeding me my mom's old stuff.  She never gives me straight answers and she never follows through on offers to help me.  She never paid me back the $1000 for which she begged to loan to fix her truck, which she wanted after I got my mom's life insurance.  She always screwed over my mom, she screwed over my grandma, and not only did she keep that $1000, but she scavenged everything from my old house.  
These people are all no good, and everything they do to fuck me, they'll do it to you.  I won't be fooled by guises of righteousness or claims of ineptitude.  Give Teja or Sama 5 seconds with your kids, grandparents, wife, or dog, and they'll be taking advantage of them already.  Once I leave, the gangs of this city will be looking for someone else to screw over.  That's why everyone else should care even though it appears they're  harassing me and no one else.
That gang works security at Platinum Club and stole my umbrella.  They said I could leave it outside, where they always stand guard.  They let a gang member steal it.  I also parked my bike close to there.  I'm 99% sure a gang member involved with that club stole my bike too by cutting the lock.  If the cops had wanted it because it was on the sidewalk, they would have left a note or something.
10:50 p.m. - I see my Gasai Yuno wallpaper laughing at me on the screen.  In the picture, she has a static smile with her lips pursed.
12:03 a.m. - I think Teja is probably actually affiliated with the black gang.  No rational entity like the government would try to screw me over like that.  I think Som is with the government, and I think Teja is with that gang.
September 30, 2021: Wi-Fi is still segregated.  There are entire families of like 5+ people here with children, and nobody else complains.  That black guy Mark even remarked on that.  "It's not part of my job description."  That's why he wouldn't call IT.  "Do you have the number on your TV?"  I never got one of those.  Everything here is designed to fuck me.
I'm pretty sure these two fat black women who pulled up to ask for directions while I was letting my dog out were looking to hit him with their car.  This was at Elmwood about a year and a half ago.  They looked evil.  In November/December 2018, remember these two black cops came to investigate "someone locked out of their house" while I was going to do laundry at night.  They sounded way too serious for the situation, and they also sounded like they were lying to investigate me.  They talked very slowly and deliberately.  They looked and sounded like they were there to look at me.  They were outside my door when I was bringing the laundry out.  I didn't see anyone looking to get inside their house around.  Tyre was staying in my living room at the time.  I do believe the two things were connected.
I remember before I went to the strip club, I tried to bang an escort, and a cop drove me in an Uber to an old folks home while playing political radio propaganda.
There's something important about Brooke Figueroa's male partner calling me on March 26 and asking if I wanted to move to Greenville (I had just moved to the green ESA buildings).  This guy is latino, and latino and black gang members have been stalking me.  kdc/one is the company name.  The number that called me is 864-630-6607, a South Carolina number.  We talked for 11 minutes, and I never heard back from either of them.  The guy on the phone sounded suspicious too, which is what really brings all of it together.  Another, Alfonso Figueroa works at Samiti Technology, a company with a name  reminiscent of Sama Doh, a prolific Bloods member.
I remember I tried meth after this General Electric employee named Xue Han (Sue) chatted with me in an interview and had rainbow lines waving around on her camera as an after effect.  She also was interested in my interest in "going nuclear" and asked me, "You were born here weren't you?"  Interesting.  I don't know what to make of that.  She seemed nice enough, so I don't think she was trying to fuck me over.  She was very smiley and laughed a lot.  Probably something of a warning.
I remember that fat Asian lady who works at XXXtra Space Storage said "there's a Home Depot out back" when I asked to use the bathroom.  She seemed like she had a double meaning when she said it, since she was rather unusually enthusiastic about that part.
At Solace on Peachtree in June 2018, the office lady lied to get me kicked out because she didn't approve of my dog shitting across the street.  She was out to get me.  She said I didn't clean my stove after she told me (condescendingly) and told me should would check again.  I cleaned it.  She never looked again.  The other thing she wrote to get me evicted doesn't matter, but it was that my dog peed in the elevator.  That is true.  I'm not sure why I had it in my mind that I wasn't supposed to clean it.  Whatever.  I was trying to plant mushrooms for the homeless people and shouting at sprinkler system cameras.  Whatever.  Anyway, Sama Doh said that lady was chosen because of her talents.  He was very aggressive in telling me this.  I think the Bloods own Solace (which has an all red top floor) and pick some gullible employees to work and make everything look okay.  
There was a federal agent or something outside my house.  This guy with shades and a big grin says they're looking to move into this house.  Some teenager is scouting up and down the street, strangely focused.  I asked him what he does, and he said he was retired.  They said they were coming from Hawaii.  Sama Doh mentioned going "native" and going to "Africa" many times.  He's trying to get black control of the city for sure.  I wonder if there is something strange with the government and Hawaii considering there is a South Park episode called "Going Native" where Butters goes off the rails with anger and goes to Hawaii.  There's also a coming from Hawaii reference around Quagmire suspiciously in Family Guy's Love Thy Trophy episode.  There's something people aren't telling me here, but they sure are watching me.  Walking back from the strip club Platinum Club, I think I later saw that same teenager walking past me down the street strangely pointing finger guns around.  His movement looked staged, and for whom?  It was almost certainly to somehow disrupt and analyze me.  Anyway, the Hawaii connection is likely related to the military and other top secret government stuff considering Kelvin Laboy, an army guy, is stationed in Hawaii.  I assume nuclear information is located closer to the landlocked area of Kansas.  Why put anything in Hawaii, harbored as the vanguard state, except a red herring?
1:30 - I remember the front receptionist here had a strange grin and way of saying my room number was "418" when I got here.  I went to talk to the front desk about the Wi-Fi again.  The new white guy was there again, and he said that it would be 24-48 hours.  That's bullshit.  It should be fixed and testable immediately.  At GT IT stuff like password changes could take a few hours to propagate to Linux.  But this is a broadcast signal problem.  The router should be replaced if it is malfunctioning, but that is unlikely as I am the only one who has complained among the 4 floors of residents.  They said I could not switch rooms because they were full.  Perhaps they can spy on me.  I know they can use a reverse peephole.  The Wifi is still going out for me every 30 minutes.  The SSID stays up, and I stay connected, but I do not receive any Internet throughput.  Nobody else complains, and there are entire families of 5+ people here.  It sometimes fixes itself randomly.  They contract out to Velocity, and make it so YOU have to contact them.  The white guy, Mark, slightly begrudgingly mentioned Velocity as the IT company.  He sounded like he faked surprise that it still wasn't working for me.  After he said that, my mind immediately darted to the idea the gang is MAC address filtering me.  No way the government would orchestrate something like this.  It just doesn't make sense; their intention is fostering stability, not ravaging people's lives through periodic disconnects of service.  I think this new white guy is undercover with the government.  He left as I expressed my disdain for the IT companies by mentioning them in a negative vocal tone, and a skinny black woman appeared glaring at me with a straight face.  She stared as I left.
2:49 - I remember the mixed front receptionist here had a strange grin and way of saying my room number was "418" when I got here.  I never saw her again, although she was the cutest receptionist I've seen in a bit.  She was probably a gang member like the mixed girl Audrina Moon of Solace on Peachtree.  
These people in the gang call me their "dog".  I haven't written down that summary of all the weird ways they use that word around me, but it's true.  Basically they're supremacists who want slavery again.
4:25 p.m. - I remember at a Verizon Connect meeting with upper management present, they would say things to try to cast me as a bad person.  This one old white guy said, "We know more about you than you think."  "Where's Vi?  Haha..."  One meeting, Vi left the room in an orchestrated moment.  Everyone was watching me.
This other time, I arrived to work after quitting amphetamine.  I told Teja about it.  As I arrived at the team meeting, there was an audio recording playing in the office next to me.  It was a recording of me talking.  Everyone was watching me intently sometimes, but the meeting carried on as normal.  Very shady.  Nobody said a damn word.  It was orchestrated to make me paranoid.  These people are fucked in the head.  
I remember I heard some dude talking about, "Whatever you say Jimmy, whatever you say."  This was after watching that Up the Down Steroid episode of South Park with that quote a bunch here at ESA.  Now some guy just said, "Whatever you say Call of Duty."  That's a bit of a stretch, but I know people who are working with Infinity Ward are watching me.  Strange.  To independent individuals, or "indies", the government mostly appears to take a hands off approach as the Bloods gang takes a hands on approach.
So it looks like the Bloods gang has been following me since about January 2018.  That bastard Tyre still owes me $400.  I lent it to him in October 2018, not long after discovering and beginning treatment for my ADHD and receiving my mom's $20,000 life insurance.  He didn't even need it.  He's a rich Bloods gang member who uses people for his amusement.  
6:27 - My thighs are peering and smiling at me.  The environment is disintegrating into squares and circles everywhere I look, like the tail end of my DXM+DPH trip.  God dammit, these ADHD pitfalls from my addiction to amphetamine are worse and longer lasting than I thought.  I whited out like Ash from Pokemon.
6:46 - Eating a Butterfinger and walking toward the TV at an angle, Foxee from Woodland Critters of South Park was shaped like a hummingbird with a long beak like Fearow from Pokemon.

October 1, 2021: The residents know me as "big guy" or "dog".  They talk about my dog, but really, they refer to ME as their "dog".  At least 50,000 people, or the 5% of Atlanta that is in that gang, messages about me in their group chat.
This guy Mark is also working against me, whether he's from the government or a white member of that gang.  
I've been eating 35 mg of amphetamine 4 times per day.  I am not going to kill myself.  If I die by "suicide", I was set up.  If my amphetamine doesn't get here in time, I'm going to eat some MDMA and order more from the USA and from Great Britain.
I remember Sama Doh mentioning going to "Burger King" very suspiciously.  There's the South Park Burger King episode.  I got sick from eating Burger King chicken nuggets around the time I was sleeping in GT in the library (gang member Tyre was there too).  It seems all too convenient.  The South Park thing is relevant because it notes things that have happened before.  I think a lot of this gang stuff has happened already in Colorado.  They have a script or playbook, like making Scream V or something.
Coronavirus and the STD both appeared to have accelerated my neuronal firing rate decline. 
I did 3 sets of explosive pushups with no clapping.  I pushed myself from the ground back to a standing position like 5 times, a new record for me (my previous was 1).
6:23 p.m. - Still tripping.  I could see girls smiling at me like 20 minutes ago.  With my eyes closed, I just saw a 35% opacity rainbow snake coiled around a sword with its head at the top. I just measured using two layers in Paint.NET, one black and one with rainbow strands.  I backtracked and did this retrospectively for the past month or so.
7:00 p.m. - It's time to eat amp.  I just weighed it.  I felt a shiver crawl up my spine and my skin feels like its tingling with cold all over, but it was especially on my back and then on my arms just now.  
11:57 p.m. - My anime girl wallpaper still twists, slides, and grins at me.

October 2, 2021: I remember I quit my job because, unbeknownst to me, that STD I got from that stripper girl ESi destroyed my mind.  Two weeks later, I thought the Indian mafia was coming to kill me for four hours.  So I had my knife handy, and I waited with paranoia.  I quit my job that day.  I think that bitch Britney might have called the cop on me that day.  Officer Ramirez and Britney were keen on interrogating me over nothing, so I had to ask to leave.  I also changed my number after he asked for it.  I think he's corrupt, and I think so are the two black officers who came to see me while I was doing laundry.  
4:29 - I just applied to 5 jobs.
5:32 p.m. - I just saw an eye start to rip open in the shirt of one of the pioneers fighting on the ground at the end of Super Fun Time from South Park.  Sitting in the dark, I can see rainbow smiles and random lines in the periphery of my laptop screen.  There are rainbow water waves and digital patterns morphing on my TV screen.
I asked about the internet again today at about 7:45, but it is still screwed up.  Given all the strange issues and the consistency of this Wifi issue, does anyone around me see the organizations actively attempting to screw me over?  If anyone around here really cares, why is nothing getting done?
12:36 a.m. - I see my Yuno wallpaper laughing with me as I smoke the bong.  Smoking lots of weed still makes me trip balls.  

October 3, 2021: I filed a police report about ESA and the Velocity corporations screwing me over with the Wi-Fi programmatically disabling every 30 minutes.
12:15 p.m. - I clutched a 1v6 in Search & Destroy on Modern Warfare.  The map was Picadilly, and I was holding the pillars most of that time.  I AX-50 quickscoped and sniped 3-4 of them and got the rest with my AUG.  I ate like 38-40 mg of amphetamine this time and bumped up my dosage since I'm out.  I'll have to eat MDMA today.  I don't really want to, but I must if I don't want to regress too much.  Don't mention the police report to anyone else.  It will incriminate the three people standing in the front lobby at the time.
If you put my dopamine transporter under a microscope, it should look different than a normal person's transporter considering I react negatively to DAT inhibitors like methylphenidate.
I'm not going to try to resolve the Wi-Fi issue anymore.  I did my own investigating.  I tried to work with the liars.  I filed a police report.  I've done all I want.  Anything more is a waste of my time.

October 4, 2021: I just finally sent this to Ian: And ya know what, next time you lie there with your girlfriend talking about choke slamming and snapping someone's neck while looking at your roommate with those creepy eyes and smiles, go fuck yourself.
It's a little late, but whatever.  That was bullshit.
I feel like the government and the gangs are trying to play the game "How much can you take before you give up and do something stupid?"  There's a black policeman and a new white guy here named "Mark" who replaced the previous black gang member "Mark".  I'm watching Saw right now.  It feels all too familiar to my situation.  Everyone is watching me and poking me, and there are twinges of help surrounding the detrimental pokes.  I'm preparing for them to try to take me down instead of helping me.  I can't go back to jail because they'll kill me.  So, I'll fight for my right to live.  I was born on this planet, so I'll seize it from the previous owners if I have to, a la a new "American Revolution 2.0."  There's nowhere to rob except a bank.  I'd never get away with it, so I'd have to stand and fight.  A bank is a shitty place.  No matter what happens, I'd be screwed.  They want me to conjure threats of violence or small acts of petty violence like they're putting on me.  That way, they can use such things against me.  They don't cross that "thin blue line" except when nobody else is around.  They then expect me to make a fool of myself and get arrested or killed with no trouble for them.  I will not give in to such demands.  They listen in the rooms next door to try to find ways to "trigger" me.  A fat black lady said outside my Intown Suites door, "At least we know what triggers him."  They don't.  They really want to find out though.  The truth is that I can't be verbally triggered to do anything but leave.
The Wi-Fi has been going off and on every 30 minutes since I got here, whether I pay $30 a month for it or not.  It stops doing that for a week here and there.  The Velocity company is designed to selectively fuck over the residents of ESA.  The employees of ESA selectively fuck over their tenants because they think they can get away with it.  They laugh while they lie because it doesn't matter.  They can't cover it up.  It's very easy to see their lies.
When I got here, a fire truck and an ambulance were outside.  A fireman motioned for me to get in the building while he held open the door.  Something seemed strange about it.  Smoke alarms have been going off periodically.  One time, the creepy fat janitor guy with glasses said he was turning it off.  When I got back upstairs, a latina lady asked if they were calling the police.  That also seemed strange.  She might be an illegal, but that doesn't matter to me.  I also heard the smoke alarm go off conveniently at 10:57 p.m. one night, not long after I started amphetamine treatment (and I didn't try to hide it).  There are some kind of smoke alarm signals like the grocery carts.  People are allowed to steal grocery carts because 50%+ of the workers of the grocery stores are gang affiliated.  The Boar's Head here sucks ass.  Such wonderful chicken should not be ravaged by the throes of gang members.
I just got 28 grams of amphetamine.  It looks like Mark changed his name to Tommy.  
11:49 - I can see rainbow hydras with heads like Garchomp, Serpent Night Dragon, Salamence,  or a combination thereof.  Sometimes I see solo dragons.  I just smoked weed.  I missed 4 amphetamine hits and resumed at 3 p.m. today.  No other combinations besides weed.  Weed really brings out some hallucinations.  It's the amphetamine withdrawal.  I keep trying to look for ways that it's not, but the 5-6 a.m. hallucinations again really cemented it, just like when the many rainbow women danced with me, talked to me, and held my hand (although I couldn't feel it).
I remember one time I was on LSD and MDA.  I had been jacking off for like 6 hours.  Some black people were talking loudly through the wall next to my mattress, which was still o the floor because I hadn't yet received my Amazon bed frame.  The fourth floor landing of the stairwell was on the other side of that wall.  I don't know what, they said, but I hissed in response, "Shut the fuck up nigger."  A guy said, "Now we know."  I finished jacking off two hours later, and I never heard from them ever again.  It might have been that Larry guy I first met when I was at Solace on Peachtree.  He worked security.  He kinda had a temper and blurted out "I'm just trying to do my job" once.  Anyway, the interesting part is my brain blocked whatever they said from entering into parts of my brain like my hippocampal long term storage and I also think some parts of my prefrontal cortex.  I remember Sama Doh's lady roommate Bela said she didn't like me because I called her a "nigger".  I had said "nigga" in front of her before, but I think she was referring to this nigger incident.
I'm pretty sure Graham Sharpe works for the government somehow.  I think he lied about being poor and stuff.  I swear someone in ZBT works for the government.  Georgia Tech was also infiltrated easily by the Bloods gang.  Now the president is a latino, although that could be a coincidence.

October 6, 2021: Now the Wi-Fi is microstuttering again so that I don't get kicked from MW games.  The service appears to be dropping some packets like I noted before.  
After checking 2 minutes later in MW, it confirms ESA wifi is dropping 0-1% of my packets now in lieu of the wifi going out for 5 minutes twice per hour.
7:38 p.m. - It looks like even though I took a normal amount of amphetamine (37 mg), my cells aren't cooperating.  I'm listening to music instead of playing MW right now.  I was searching Future Diary on Gogoanime.pro in my Chrome history, and the green  website icon looked like my website's blue brain icon for a couple seconds.  I had to hesitate and reassess for a couple seconds before proceeding to click on that correct link.

October 7, 2021: I took 110 mg MDMA last night at 10:00 p.m.  Last night was uneventful, but I had decent visuals.  My amphetamine high wasn't going well as I was coming up, so I decided to take the MDMA to continue my ADHD treatment that night.  Today, I made a high score table for Prophet Launcher and ECS on my website.  I started working again because I took MDMA last night.  This is explained as another introduction of MDMA with no tolerance as I waited a month to dose.

October 8, 2021: Amphetamine appears to tighten my ear canal.  It's easier to get water stuck there in the shower in the morning, even right before my next dose of amphetamine.

8:04 p.m. - I went to the Walgreens just south of ESA to get Hydrogen Peroxide, and some black guy asked me if I needed anything.  I clasped my water bottle and hands together, which he gleefully noted.  He told me it was in some aisle, which a gang member looking guy was awkwardly moving around in.  He put the side of his hand on my chest, and I stopped as it barely touched me.  I said, "Please don't touch me." He mumbled some nonsense about talking to that gang member in the middle of that aisle, then directed me to the shelf on his right in the walkway of the store.  He never responded to my demand, and he walked away.  That was bullshit.  
The black/latino gangs intend to screw me out of my money with deceitful corporate practices like tampered vending machines and IT departments dedicated to programmatically and periodically severing my internet connection.
They also want to screw you out of my time by pointing you in the wrong direction in stores and redirecting me to other corporations like ESA->Velocity.
They also want to goad me into being sued, jailed, or killed because my pain is only a pawn for their amusement.

People black/latino gang members have told me they are organizing to exploit:
ADHD people, and if target disabled people, why not disabled children too?
Politically influential people 
Elderly folk, especially rich women

Things they wish to organize to do to vulnerable and independent people:
Steal and extort money
Give STD's and other diseases like COVID-19
Premeditated murder through dirty jail needles, STD's, large vehicle "brake failure" (bus hitting car), pedestrian vehicle "accidents", "homeless violence"
Institute a caste system
Selectively and secretly disable/tamper services like internet provision, vending machines, supermarket items
Say things on the street, in stores, or anywhere in passing to try to make vulnerable people go crazy, or goad/convince them to do illegal things.  It could be as simple as repeating, "You're crazy", "You're a crazy person", or "You're a violent person".

Places the black/latino gangs appear to control or heavily influence to accomplish their goals of caste systems and dirty money:
Strip clubs - Platinum Strip Club
IT Corporations - Velocity
Job recruitment corporations - Gentile Solutions, kdc/one, Samiti
Motels - Extended Stay America, Intown Suites 
Hotels - Solace on Peachtree
Schools - Georgia Tech, Stanford
Fulton County Jail
Atlanta DMV
Burger King next to Intown Suites and GT

The gang members are trying to pretend to be patrons of these places like students of Georgia Tech,  inmates of a jail, and workers at a McDonalds.  They use someone they have control over or know at these institutions to claim membership.  Look out for students who claim to be a student by knowing a student or faculty gang member.  Look out for phony jail inmates spying on or attacking other inmates.  Watch for alleged workers at fast food restaurants or grocery stores who claim to work there to take advantage of you.  Fake patrons in stores may try to grab your attention to amuse themselves and the gang members working the stores, while they use this duality to efficiently move drugs through the community undetected (probably Walgreens).  I think the Indians are working with the blacks.  They sure do work a lot of convenient stores together.  I think certain Pakistanis may be working with them too.  It's probably a minority group considering Sama's Pakistani friend Faisal seemed dastardly based on his changes in facial expression when asking me a question.  I don't think the Chinese are working with them based on their work with Chinese Uyghurs (chin wiggers).

October 9, 2021: 1:19 p.m. - I see the rainbow letter A when I close my eyes, and there are rainbow smiles in my black Sublime Text editor when I open my eyes.  They are of all different sorts like South Park and Future Diary.  The opacity of these visuals, open and closed eyes, are mostly about 10% opacity, but some are as high as 17%.  Sometimes almost all the visuals are the same opacity, and sometimes most of the visuals are chaotically appearing in my field of vision with different opacities, demonstrating my neurons are not completely changing their firing rates in sync.  Smoking increases my visual effects, as usual.  It decreases the addictive problem with amphetamine, but not as good as dissociatives.  Perhaps my dissociative reaction to cannabis is unique to my ADHD.  Unlike other people, I can dissociate completely to stimuli, so it makes sense.  Amphetamine is a strong enough addictive chemical to trigger both my amphetamine addiction and inborn ADHD to have issues.  I no longer see my wallpaper anime women laughing with me, which is disappointing because I really enjoyed that.  Now it's mostly just lines, tiles, and glimmers and slivers of faces, eyes, and mouths.  Perhaps in a few days my neuronal firing rates will cyclically tend more back toward 0 than they do now, indicating a greater amplitude of oscillation of my neuronal firing rates.

October 10, 2021: I remember that girl Britney that got me kicked out of Elmwood along with the other 2 people living at Elmwood.  She had this black boyfriend who looked like a gang member.  I'm pretty sure she was not only into cigarettes but also into cocaine.  She was erratic and talked about selling art.  Perhaps she was involved with meth instead.  She's very skinny and seemed to be hiding something every time I saw her.  Anyway, when she called the cops on me for no reason, she and that officer Ramirez seemed concerned with wasting my time.  That latina girl Taylor said a few times, "You have my number."  I never got her real number.  That latino cop Ramirez smiled very heavily when he said, "If I see you go near that door again, you're getting arrested."  I suppose he thought I was attracted to that girl Britney.  I never was.  She is mildly pretty on the outside, but I'd rather be single than with someone like that or the other girl Mary.  The last thing that latino officer Ramirez did was get my phone number, which I changed later.  I'm almost certain that latino officer Ramirez is involved with Platinum Club and that latino gang just like I'm sure those two black officers who came to Elmwood when Tyre was here are involved with the black gang.  Some of the black and latino gangs are obviously coordinated.  Everything about that latino officer Ramirez put me off.  I'm almost sure he is with that gang.

October 11, 2021: On October 15, 2015 at 5:25 p.m., I remember when Josh and I were flying a drone two GT cop cars came up.  They asked us if we flew the drone, and he said then he'd have to shoot it.  At some random point when the other cop was talking to my friend Josh, the white cop said he was going to shoot me, and he looked and sounded serious.  I think both cops were white, but I don't remember.  I remember the white cop saying he was going to shoot me, and then not a word was heard again.  I still have the video of Josh flying that drone in the exact spot in the ZBT parking lot, and it's on Google Photos.  Josh said after they left, "Dude that cop said he was going to shoot you."  Maybe the cops have a dashcam video of the ZBT drone investigation on October 15, 2015.
I think it is also work noting this and other factors indicate the government might conspire to murder me if they find out I actually have the real ADHD.  This has concerned me since then and so too have the lies I've been fed since discovering for myself I really have altered DNA with ADHD in summer 2017.  I also think that about those gangs, moreso because they've really acted to hinder me, whereas the government has been completely hands off insofar as I can see, telling only the occasional small fib.  The people beckoning me to the trunks of cars was kinda weird.  The fact I was having hallucinations from the MDA creating a chemical imbalance with my addiction and ADHD complicates this.  I'm only like 95% sure what I saw was real.  There's some nagging feeling that perhaps I imagined that too, considering I saw realistic cholinergic hallucinations in the TV at 6 a.m.
For now, it's important to note any strange things here, but focus on finding a job and pushing out a new version of Prophet Launcher with a new video demo.
I'm also concerned organizations including gangs and the government might want to force me into a live of servitude or poverty by forcing me to fight a losing battle with money by working for less than I can live on giving my living options are limited.
Inkscape blur uses 48 Alpha, 5 blur radius, -9 h offset and 12.3 v offset.
I'm 99% sure they also decreased the volume of the TV around the time I heard those two fat black ladies walking down the hall with one saying, "He needs to shut up" while there was a loudly crying baby next door that sounded fake since I don't ever normally hear that.  It's probably a YouTube video of a baby crying.
Now, mysteriously, I went to restore all my tabs, and itch.io and josephcantrell.org were both missing from my saved tabs.  Weird, just like when both went down last winter.  Also, I'm sure people are still talking about me in MW.  Someone mentioned Mark in S&D, and someone else really seemed to hammer on not opening red doors in Warzone, but he sounded like he was being annoyingly and seriously metaphorical.  This is some bullshit.  I want to get away from everyone and move to a house the suburbs of Seattle.

October 11, 2021: I remember these two black ladies in this SUV pulled up to me when I was walking my dog and fake asked me for directions like that guy asking me about the Walmart.  I think they wanted to run over my dog because they started to back out when I was right next to them with my dog, and they looked like they wanted to hurt him, just like that bitch Sama Doh and just like that caramel colored bitch who hit me with her SUV with the biggest toothy grin then fled.
All of these things I've been writing completely justify my paranoia and general distrust of the intentions of my peers over the past 14 months and for the remaining three months I'll survive on my remaining savings.  The gang and government would enslave me to a long life of unending servitude on the brink of economic and mental failure for the next 60 years.  This could be in jail or as a sharecropper in the Atlantian Nigger Society's community garden.
1:17 - After smoking 2.5 bowls of weed just now, I can see a rainbow smile.  I see the letter e on the end of "see" fluttering an equal diameter rainbow trail or wing off the tip of it.  Rainbow lines are fluttering around in position and opacity, and they have lengths of 0-3 centimeters.  The crooked 3 line rainbow smile I saw in my blanket while I was smoking was like .3 meters long.  I can't justify smoking this much weed when I could just play CoD and work on my art.  I just need to finish this anime girl, make some other small tweaks, make a video, then upload Prophet Launcher 4.4.
11:21 p.m. - Looking back, I think 4-HO-MET wasn't addictive, but I was still in the midst of amphetamine addiction.  Perhaps not.  I would know for sure after using it more.  I might get more one day considering its on par with acid in terms of how much I like using it.  If I find out it's addictive, I'd never use it again.  4-HO-MET sucked, so I'd never want to be addicted to a psychedelic again, unless it could somehow mediate my ADHD and replace amphetamine, which 4-HO-MET cannot do.
12:04 p.m. - I could feel a small disc an 2 cm in diameter and .5 cm thick pulsating and vibrating back and forth along the .5 cm width in a way that felt good but amazed me in a weird way.  Now my head kinda hurts a little at the center of where that was vibrating.  It hurts in a section shaped like a small spherical dot 1-2 mm in diameter.  My body will adjust properly soon.  There are improvements that take a long time to develop.  It takes me 3 months to make my cells remember basically anything.

October 12, 2021: I still don't know why I bought this Sony Bluetooth pill speaker.  At first it was for some incomprehensible reason from eating MDA after amphetamine.  Then it was to expose the Walmart employees, and then it was to make my "war dance" and "propaganda machine" come to life.
6:45 p.m. : I went to walk my dog, and two hand carts as tall as me are tucked away completely blocking the hallway entrance to the stairs.  Some black guy comes out of the elevator at the same time.  
7:50 p.m. : I saw a shimmering rainbow dragon curled around and facing to the left, opening its mouth to envelope the entire height of my open eyed vision in a 90% opacity blob of rainbow colors, a very light end of the rainbow spectrum where every color is closer to white, so every RGB value is greater than 200 to form all such combinations including white, RGB=255-255-255.  I measured with Paint.NET.  The mouth parts were ~5 cm in diameter and like a crocodile's jaws.  The dragon's eye was a triumphantly glaring sliver.  
8:30 p.m. : The visuals peaked then.  I actually quit CoD after playing for 5 minutes because I didn't want to play anymore.  The visuals have only decreased since 7:50.

October 13, 2021: I remember at Verizon Connect that asshole Paul yelled, "Sass?  Take care of yourself Joseph!" He loudly yelled it and looked both ways while giggling.  Teja was walking away and said nothing.  He knows something, whether its about my time at ZBT or about the dangers of amphetamine withdrawal/ADHD and MDA.  I think Verizon Connect is an agency the government uses to spy on citizens it thinks are dastardly, akin to China's social credit system where you can only get jobs the government trusts you enough to take.  That means you can only work heavily monitored jobs where the FBI can walk in at any time pretending to be an employee (Som).  Teja is definitely involved with the FBI or that gang, most likely the gang because NONE of her actions were for the greater good.  Som didn't look too friendly with her.  He was definitely there to interview me.  
I hate reading all these lies for job applications like EagleView: I panic easily.  I am full of ideas.  I will not probe deeply into a subject.  I get angry easily.  I carry the conversation to a higher level.  
Here's some of the cognitive assessment answers.  One was about helping a friend move across town.  The shape that didn't belong among a bunch was a black plus sign.  Also the next pattern in a series was itkd.  These questions and answers were not generated by an artificial intelligence.  There's nothing wrong with them.  It's really just gibberish.
Why am I doing this second grade English, math, and ethics to get a job when I have 16 years of education beyond that?
10:04 p.m. - I've not written this down, but I think the mechanisms by which DOC and MDA invented smells in my brain are similar.  Perhaps not though since their are multiple ways to make yourself feel hungry.  Perhaps there is only one way, and the rest of the ways target that one type of neuron by firing signals downstream.
The guy who sold me PCP seemed like he knew the people of Platinum Club would try to screw me.  "You seem like the guy who would be telling everyone what's going on."  "Oh, so I should come up in there with you then?"  He also drove me to a dead end, waited for me to realize, then turned around to go back to my actual house.  He drove a big truck, and I went to the Wells Fargo with him.  God dammit.  Yeah, I wanted PCP and not stalkers.

October 14, 2021: I saw a black nurse pause two doors down from me while I entered my room.  Suspicious, considering I was jabbed with a dirty needle by that old fat black nurse at the Fulton County Jail 3 years ago.  It kinda reminds me of that movie Saw II or The Poor Kid from South Park.  I don't have many other references.  I assume they've tried it before.  Perhaps that's what this latino cop Ramirez meant when he said, "If I see you go to that door again, you're getting arrested."  That girl Britney has a skinny black boyfriend who looks like a gang member (shades, smokes cigarettes, and probably does coke with Britney).  Weird.  There's nothing wrong with love, but gang driven fuckery isn't on my plate.  These gang members intend to target vulnerable rich women and men to leech from them.  They're becoming more fervid as their numbers grow.  There must be a greater deterrent.  Perhaps the body camera idea (child tracker like in South Park shitty wall) really is a good idea.  I'm against it as I'd rather just use my phone and play a game while it records in the background.  People know what phones can do already.  Hold your phone and use it: that's the mantra I'll follow when I exit my house.

4:00 - I went to Publix just south of 905 Crestline Pkwy ESA to get their famous 3 piece mixed meal chicken.  I ate the whole thing.  Standing in line behind 3 people, some black lady tried to lie and cut in front of me for the amusement of the black and latino workers and patrons.  I told her no and received no challenge, showing her recognition of her lie.  Nobody said a word, but I commented more, "I see."  I thought I was recording, but my app fucked up.  No matter.  I went for candy again, and again, they're out of the good buy one get one free's.  Also, there were two short, bulky, mean-looking latino fellows walking around looking for nothing and obviously trying to deal drugs.  They just kept walking around the candy and produce section not looking for food.  I loudly mentioned this at the register, minus my suspicion they're dealing drugs, just like Walgreens.
Like that South Park episode Die Hippie, Die, I think 589 Elmwood was designed to keep me in that basement and watch me.  I was being recorded at Solace on Peachtree because was jamming out to some damn good music, and my professor "Gary" was gone.  Gary (Sonnett?), which might have been a fake name.  The TA was there, and he looked serious.  Everyone looked solemn and nobody looked at me.  It was very different, but I never did anything wrong.  Nobody said a damn word.
Given our country is so good, the United States of America needs to switch to a very limited, more Japanese style of immigration.  America needs a Great Wall along the Mexican border, and it also needs a canal to prevent tunneling and foster trade.
Those god damn motherfucking lies (personality assessment items) which I'm forced to read for job applications like "I am a liar" make me pissed off because they're reinforcing negative attitudes whereas a question would not do so.  
That fucking clinic where I got my COVID-19 test done back in June 2020 and took too much blood is awful.  I paid there after they deducted my insurance and stuff.  I asked if I needed to pay anything else and left.  Then they had the nerve to send a fake bill to 589 Elmwood DR NE.  That's bullshit.  The white doctor threatened to call the cops on me when I came to get a COVID-19 test.  That's bullshit.  The black nurse took too much blood and said she didn't know how much she took.  WTF.  
This shit cannot go on.  I don't know what to do about an STD test.  I'll need to find a doctor I'm sure isn't affiliated with any gang.  Fuck that shit.  I'ma have to do some asking around to find a good one.  I don't know where to ask.  Georgia Tech, Solace on Peachtree, Intown Suites, and ESA are all fucked.  Everywhere I've gone in Atlanta has been controlled by these fucking gangs except 589 Elmwood DR NE, and I think a gang member eventually became Britney's boyfriend.  Some latinos also rented the motherfucking suite upstairs just to spy on me.  That guy who sold me the PCP did ask if he could come up into my house.  I told him no.  
Infernight 1.7 notes:
Added a subtle floating animation to the Essence milestones
Added the option to invert the camera along the half pi axis to reverse the direction of play
Added a fullscreen/windowed toggle to more easily play in the background
Improved the RGBA color picker theme in line with Prophet Launcher 4.4
Imported controller support from Prophet Launcher (tested with an Xbox One controller)
Optimized my initial (Button->Label) node structures to just (Button)
Engine update to Godot 3.3.4

10:36 p.m. - I just got a 360 quickscope in S&D.  It was about as clean (not stopping to shoot) as my PCP one about 14 months ago.  
12:41 a.m. - It is now 12:42 a.m., and I thought I saw a cockroach on the wall.  It was not.  I felt like I was being surrounded by invisible and sliding shapes of enemies, tall and small, rainbow and shadowed.  The carpet monsters appeared to surface as I looked below in my chair.  "Nooo, stay awayyyy," I joked as I curled up in my chair.  Some white swirls of light were curling up at me from the Breezy hairs on my floor.  These ten or so tendrils of light, mostly a 60-90% opacity white trail 0-5 cm in diameter, were fringed with rainbow.  There was a really big one to my left, and encroaching critters/tendrils of shadows and rainbows coming from the floor.  It was a lot to take in at one.

12:48 p.m. - I went to pay, and it looks like an cop wearing body armor and stuff came into ESA in an unmarked car (I saw it pull up out my window before leaving my room).  The guy working the desk seemed nervous.  He mentioned getting video footage from outside.  I think the connection between ESA and the gang activity is being investigated.
2:55 p.m. - Some line visuals going down my entire vision are present.  I really like the natural dissociative effects I get.  
I just remembered, I remember some latina chick yelled, "Why, why?" outside the Intown Suites late at night.  It was strange.  I don't think I hallucinated that.  I think they knew about the MDA problem, and they were simply wanting me to fail.  Perhaps nitrous held the key I was missing.  It doesn't matter what other tool held the key.  I need a tool which will hold all the keys to the door of my mind.
2:17 a.m. - I am not having a super fun time at ESA, which is kinda like Super Fun Time from fucking South Park.  I actually don't mind approaching the hole of my glutamate receptors.  

October 16, 2021: 8:07 a.m. - In addition to the wall and moat/canal along the Mexican border, we need the educate the population to actually support American values using envelope pushing art like South Park and rigorous, secular education systems.  This will prevent foreign gangs and Al Qaeda or Somalia loving terrorists from coming here to try to fuck everything up.
Someone in that gang sent me a "black diamond", a hard brown rock 1g of "MDMA", which appeared to be contaminated with meth.  I can't prove it, but something was off about it, and when I took a drug test, I tested positive for meth, which couldn't have happened from having a condom break during sex with Taylor.  This was through the mail, so I finally completely stopped ordering domestic drugs.  
The government wants to watch me.  Perhaps they want to send some faggot to be my roommate and keep an eye on me.  That gang sent Tyre to spy on me.  Perhaps Lucas Greenway is like Duey from Scream (Do E).  He asked to sleep here for a day.  I told him he could sleep on the floor for $10, and maybe buy some weed.  He can't sleep longer than that.  I will not let the jews drip feed me shit.  I will accept a female girlfriend and that's it.  There will be no more friends until I get a girlfriend.  It doesn't matter to me.  I want to keep my circle small, and I want it to basically just be my girlfriend and myself.  She could monogamously do whatever, but I'm more of an introvert.
Something was super fishy about that guy Rick Davis who was my old manager.  He said he had ADHD.  He was lying.  I'm not sure why.  I think he was placed there to observe me, sorta like Som.  There are so many people watching me because I have ADHD, but none of them give me anything but a crock of lies and paranoia.
It really is quite awful to think those watching and taunting from afar would like to imprison, malnourish, and bludgeon my brain and body for the next sixty odd years using vast amounts of people, wealth, technology, and corporations.
That Sama guy seemed very preoccupied with telling me that I have a "lab".  Given he was working with Faisal, I think it's rational to assume perhaps the Bloods gang does want to get nuclear weapons in conjunction with some radical group of Pakistanis.
12:40 p.m. - They've been slowly remodeling the room next door, 414, since about 10:30 a.m.  They stopped at like 10:55 when I started watching the South Park episode about Joseph Smith.  I can hear them banging on shit with a hammer or something.  They're weird like that.  It's probably a standard routine from their "Book of Red" to fuck with me.  A while ago, that black guy who works in the lobby who was asked for the outside tape by that police officer yesterday mentioned construction workers rent rooms here.  I'm sure he was referencing the latinos threatening people and using this to sell drugs and whores.  I'm pretty sure they were originally working on 416, the room next door that workers use to spy on me.  Perhaps they can see through this mirror, some hole in the wall, a camera in the corner, or even a microphone under the bed like Sama Doh's spider nest under his bed and Mercedes' Spiderman joke which I just finally asked her not to do yesterday.  The Wi-Fi started acting really weird around
I'm still amazed that my trust was so little in my coworkers that when they left from work for COVID-19, and I came back after missing a couple days after quitting amphetamine, I thought the virus and everyone leaving was a hoax to just make a big joke on me.  Nobody even told me anything.  
Gangs actively recruit people from the DMV.  When I walked to the Atlanta DMV back in December/January of 2017/2018, there was a Bloods gang member with over $100,000 in jewelry on him.  He talked to me for a while about playing GTA V and Mortal Kombat (he really liked Scorpion.).  He left after saying he was going to smoke a J.  Strange.  He probably knew me.  Perhaps not.  Either way, I do believe they are actively trying to recruit people from the DMV and make non-gang members' lives harder.
I remember two Indian people were playing ping pong in the 18th floor lounge at Verizon Connect.  They looked, smiled, and talked like they were coked out like the guys who kept saying my GPS calculations were wrong then admitted I was right and asked if I saw what he was saying.  One said, "We don't need to play hostage right?"
I remember when I took Breezy to the vet Ark Animal Hospital, a black dude doctor told me that I have to neuter him before age 4-5 to prevent cancer.  It's a god damned lie.  I can't find anything about it googling things like, "should you neuter a German shepherd to prevent cancer before age 5".  I find a ton of evidence neutering actually causes cancer, and nothing mentioning cancer in German shepherd dogs being prevented by neutering them.  
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5645870/
https://www.ucdavis.edu/news/early-neutering-poses-health-risks-german-shepherd-dogs
I'm almost sure he's working for the gang.  Who does some shit like that?  I know they have records of my dog going in there, so I'm sure that guy can be found.  He can always lie and say he didn't do that though.  There may be security cams in the dog waiting room.  If not, whatever.  
The Wi-Fi started acting really weird around 4:00, so I took a video and even walked around every floor of ESA to prove nobody cared and nobody was affected by the same Wi-Fi issue.  All of the janitors were on my floor hanging out at exactly the time I walked out videoing.  I bet that fat janitor with the glasses is the one who went into my room without permission and didn't say anything.  He was standing right down the hall doing nothing when I walked out.  The latinos were there too.  It's very eerie.  
5:39 p.m. - I just got Windscribe VPN for $2/month.  I entered my email since it doesn't actually matter how secure I am.  I just need to torrent AC3, Amnesia, etc. so I don't have to listen to these niggers and Mexicans trying to fuck me around every corner.  
6:30 p.m. - On the way back from walking my dog in the Cox forest next to ESA, some black guy pulled up to turn out of the apartment complex just south of ESA.  He yelled out "hey" to me, so I yelled, "WHAT?"  I got no response.  He pretended nothing happened and kept looking forward.  He was wearing shades.  I don't remember anything else.  It's not the end of the world, but it is another example of these fucks being really annoying.
9:37 p.m. - I've made up my mind to never get Breezy neutered after researching it today.  I made up my mind earlier, but I'm writing it down because it's a lack of action to which I need to adhere over his lifetime, and this helps commit more pieces related to this decision to memory, allowing their easy access.

October 17, 2021: I need to make sure my car insurance company is actually good.  There were shady Mexicans walking around taking pictures outside ESA today.  Other times they've been looking at their phones and other shady, fake shit.
Holy shit, I think this BCC Background Camera Service background camcorder app is compromised.  Some key videos I needed failed to save correctly.  It's probably owned by the Bloods.  It has a red eye slashed out for its logo.  There was some Mexican guy in an orange shirt talking on his phone next to his car, but my video of him never saved.  Also, the screen was blacked out in part of my video recording that captured him sitting down talking on the phone outside his car.
This girl Taylor has a black cat tattoo on her leg that's a girl upside down.  The girl ESi has a tramp stamp on her that's symmetrical green tribal pointy tendrils or something.
6:23 p.m. - I had to take my dog back outside so he could shit since he ate late, and this Mexican guy was coming up the stairs.  He greeted me, I returned it, and then he said, "Farewell."
6:54 p.m. After smoking a couple bowls, I saw a white spark fall down near my laptop to the ground.  I was standing a meter away from my laptop.  It disappeared as it touched the ground!  Lit.
7:41 p.m. - I don't trust these Indian run corporations like Google and Microsoft anymore.  Look at what their products have become.  They're full of glitches and new annoyances that never, ever get fixed.  Does Bill Gates even use Windows anymore?  Does that Google guy still even use Google?
11:31 p.m. - Looking at my phone on the bed, I saw the album art of Her Monologue by Issues turn into a dragon with the same colors plus my favorite turquoise.  Fancy.  It did that again like 10 seconds later.  I'm making some typing mistakes.  I just did that sentence pretty flawlessly though (not this one, two mistakes!).
I switched from Google Search to Qwant search.  It all around gives me the best search results for "i'll show you what I've known all this time" queried without quotes.  It gives me the most unbiased, most accurate, and most uncensored (another form of bias) results when I also search for "pcp" and "phencyclidine".

October 18, 2021: Some huge black guy walked up to the door at the same time as this old white lady walking inside.  He sloppily opened the door yelled loudly to a black lady standing just inside the door blocking the doorway.  He abnormally and forcefully yelled, "I need to get something from my trunk!"  He sounded rather derogatory just like the black pimp looking guy who told his black girl, "Hold the door open for him" as I walked by with my dog, holding the door open for me after they had already exited.  Now, this woman just in the doorway has the expression that she is some sort of observer.  Anyway, it's just like when I complained to Mercedes a couple days about the Wifi again.  She was talking on the phone in speaker mode at the lobby desk, and screamed, "I don't want to hear it."  Then she acted like nothing had happened, as expected.  I said, "Oh, I'll just let you do your thing then."  She gave a peculiar smile, and then I left.  When I first got to ESA, not only was she calling me Spiderman and shit because she's in that gang with Sama and Intown Suites, but she said, "We have to make sure we get it right with you because you might come back for us."  Anyway, these people are fucked in the head.  They're trying to influence me to do as they do in their lies and siren calls.  I will not be swayed by disgusting gang member women.  This is why we need to thin their influx of numbers with a wall and moat, and use rigorous school education to slowly destroy their group.  Soon it won't be two niggers blocking the door; it will be two niggers, two Mexicans, and two Indian shits who will ALL have to check your asshole before you're allowed inside or outside your house, every fucking day.  Lol, it's probably an aggressive drug push.  Soon, they'll have mandatory bathroom asshole checks and home metal detectors for whites only.  They must be stopped.  Anyway, the thing I really take issue with is treating your lady friend that way.  
I won't forget that the government wants to assume I'm a lifeless meth addict and lure me into their trunk to perform sick twisted experiments on me.  Don't forget, the gangs want me to be that, and they also want to cast me as that like the government, albeit more forcefully.
They'll try to lead me to believe there is a cure for the DNA that has even dramatically altered the shape of my dopamine transporter neuron cells.  Do not listen to a word from these god-fearing heathens.
8:23 p.m. - About a year ago in some deleted entry due to the amphetamine-MDA fiasco, I smoked some DMT a couple days after quitting amp, and I saw a giant rainbow Titanite Demon (Dark Souls) sort of figure come into my CEV and point at me to mock me and then encourage me.  

October 19, 2021: 11:46 p.m. - I paid early today, Tuesday, to avoid regular timings by these fuckers at ESA.  The internet is still going down, and it's going down more frequently and for longer since yesterday.  I'm downloading stuff so I don't have to use the internet.  What if there was another important thing like COVID or something?  This whole place is designed to make me paranoid and fuck up my life.  I hate these people.  I want to leave to Seattle ASAP.  
I think Vyvanse should be banned because it makes people dopamine-heavy annoyances.  It creates an imbalance that makes them lazy leeches.  I think dextroamphetamine be banned for medical use unless absolutely necessary because of this imbalance.  Just about everyone could use Adderall which is 25% levoamp or something like 10%, 5% levoamp, etc. My point is that this balancing is necessary to prevent people like Teja from becoming a reality.  I know what chemical imbalances are capable of doing.  Just because amphetamine has a dopamine limiting system unlike meth doesn't mean the dopamine push without other neuronal effects can have disastrous consequences where the user just wants to fuck people over instead of making things better.
My dog took another shit about 10 feet, deliberately pulling me back a bit to shit in front of it.  I'm sure it was someone who has malicious intentions.  My dog is pretty smart.  It was a pretty big truck, so I'm sure it's one of those big time drug dealers.  The engine was running very loudly the whole time.  It was in the same spot a few times before.  I'm sure it's a decently big black or latino dealer.  The truck is to look intimidating.  It doesn't scare anyone.  It just shows how much money this person wastes.

October 20, 2021: Okay, it looks like someone has seen my complaint about the Atlantino Nagger Society.  I posted it in a comment on my website, and then said that once on Modern Warfare in the text chat.  I only played one game lol.  It was 5 am last night, and I woke up after passing out at like 10 p.m.  This was unusual, and it was from my ADHD.  My cells aren't made to change so easily.
I decided to not do the Zachary Fleischman interview with EagleView.  I'm sure it's another bullshit company.  This was the cancellation message: 
Canceled: Joseph Cantrell and Zach Fl
From Google Calendar
This event has been canceled.
Event Name: Test and Phone Call
We will be retaking the cognitive assessment on Zoom, followed by a short phone call afterwards. Audio and Video is required.  

Retaking my ass.  Fuck that shit.  
First and foremost, I want to earn money to sustain a good lifestyle.  Aside from that, I'm working to create my own small, independent business through the use of the decently novel video game market.  Working with Mailchimp can teach me a lot about small businesses and their day to day operations, and with Mailchimp's area of expertise in marketing small businesses can help me grow my own and secure my independent monetary future.
With no luck in Atlanta, I've applied to these jobs located in Seattle: Mailchimp, Axon, DocuSign, Olive, Hiya Inc., Rover.com, Carbon Robotics, CyberCoders, Protingent, Ookla, Syllable, Galileo Financial Technologies, PayScale, Snap Inc.,
Optello looks like bullshit.  I cant wait to get this call, call it whory:
Looking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also:

Colette.Hory@Optello.com
Please do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : CH-1649590 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.***
Colette Hory - Principal Recruiter - Optello

Hiya called me back at 6:50 p.m.  It was a woman, and she was bullshitting me.  She said she didn't think I'd be a good fit for the role, asked me to resummarize what I've been working on over the past year, and wasn't keen on giving me straight answers.
9:20 p.m. - I just applied for an easy apply LinkedIn job at Axion BioSystems.  
11:49 p.m. - This isn't the first time I've thought this, but I'm paranoid I could be set up to die on a downed plane or some shit.  When I saw how they were lining people up at the DMV with the gang members everywhere watching, I was very creeped out.  Also, my manager Atul Suri was very creepy when he said grinning, "Oh, but he doesn't fly."   

October 21, 2021: 10:12 a.m. - I applied to Take Two in Seattle.  It smells like ass water at the bottom of the ESA stairwell.  I remember one time I held my stomach out on the Goliath so the safety harness wasn't all the way secured, and then I could float out of my seat at the apexes of the ride.  I floated up an uncomfortable amount and almost slipped out, so I received a jolt of hyperawareness in what I suppose was a very small amount of adrenaline (not enough to noticeably impact time).
11:51 a.m. - I just applied to GE Digital (remote work) and DoorDash.  
I'm a big proponent of occasional food delivery to the comfort of one's home, so working to further that future enthralls me.  I've been creating my own Android apps since 2016, and I'm self taught, so I have a lot to contribute to the DoorDash enterprising effort.  Coordinating databases and REST servers in conjunction with user interfaces programming, I'm a dedicated, full stack software engineer.  
I just applied to Accela, MentorWorks, and NewsBreak, and Oracle.

October 22, 2021: I finally got the employees Extended Stay America on video lying about the internet.  Extended Stay America and their partner IT company Velocity have been trying to screw me in every way possible.  At 905 Crescent Pkwy, Atlanta, GA, 30328, the internet is programmed to cut out every 30 minutes for me and me alone.  It has been doing this since I moved in 6 months ago.  The employees all lie about everything and are heavily involved with the heavy gang presence sleeping right outside.  Here is the proof.
Why don't I move out?  I have ADHD, and while trying to plant a community garden using dog crap, I was kicked out of the gang infested Solace on Peachtree using a lie readily available on the internet in my court history.  After that, the government lied about my ADHD medication, also available in another court document online.  After that, I was sent to gang infested Fulton County Jail and given a dirty needle making my arm hurt all night.   This has to be stopped.
3:45 p.m. - I went to Arby's, and the black lady behind the counter was too busy lying to me about the half pound order I was trying to get.  I'm sure they are selling drugs out of the Arby's just south of ESA and next to the Publix.  On the way back, I was handing out flyers walking down the street, and a white runner guy said, "On your left," but approached from my right.  I yelled "AAAA" and turned to the right to see what I thought was an attacker from a gang.
10:01 p.m. - I see a rainbow Volcarona envelop my open eyed vision (OEV).  It's very nice.  Earlier I made a flier describing gang violence and lies against me.  
10:23 p.m. - I'm super hungry and very quickly metabolizing, so I'm eating spaghetti.  
12:35 a.m. - The visuals mostly subsided until just now when the periphery of my vision splattered with some red color.  Now I see dragon mouths opening up in Sublime Text as I type this.  Some of them are rainbow, and some of them realistically morph from my laptop screen and bezel.

October 24, 2021: I snorted 35 mg of MDMA at 11:45 p.m. last night, and now it's 1:24 a.m.  About 30 minutes ago, I saw a rainbow Taylor-like woman looking at me into my even more proud mom facing to the left which smoothly withered into a skeleton and then faded away into strands of color. 

October 25, 2021: I just put up about 30 flyers on telephone poles and called the ESA corporate to report the employees here.  That's all I can do except do the same thing again and go to the police if that doesn't work.  
5:39 p.m. - I've been watching rainbow dragons and such for the past hour or so.  My vision is pretty fragmented, but I'm still typing and thinking very clearly, succinctly, and quickly.  I didn't make a single mistake on that sentence, or this one.  For inhibiting cancer, they should investigate giving children a sort of small booster shot with CBD and other helpful chemicals.  A kid I knew in kindergarten died of cancer.  It was pretty sad, but my mom dying of cancer was definitely way sadder.
9:33 p.m. - I see serpent night dragon curling up over and over.  Now, after typing that, I see a Chinese smiley emote.  These are all rainbow, of course.  I'm making great progress, but I've been making farther dips due my addiction than I thought would occur.  Nevertheless, I shall overcome such things soon enough.  I saw an entire faceless rainbow witch riding a broom transform into dark magician girl's closeup face smiling at me, which is reappearing and zooming in and out.  I saw spikes erupt from the top left of my phone, but they were realistically extended from my phone's material like its case and screen.  It doubled my phone's length, but only extended the top left quarter of the phone   It was super cool.  There wasn't much if any visible rainbow stuff there, unlike what I'm seeing even now.  They were vibrant and completely opaque sometimes.  The shifts of imagery were happening on a variable timer of milliseconds to about two seconds of time.
10:42 p.m. - This round of visuals was longer and more intense than the past couple weeks.  It takes time to change my cells to do what I want.  The visuals are basically over now even after smoking a bunch.  Earlier today when I was walking around, it wasn't that intense, but I wasn't really smoking.

October 26, 2021: 12:42 p.m. - It's maddening to say this, but I feel rather calm.  I feel like I'm waiting for the government and Bloods gang to decide they want to kill me.  I'll never let them do it.  I also don't ever intend to kill myself, though I've faced such challenges before.  I called 911 today to report ESA, and it's not recorded in my call log, so I'm writing this down here.  I'm talking to Marquesia.  30248057 is my case number for ESA.  I asked her to add my website https://josephcantrell.org to the report.  She said the situation would be resolved in two days, and I would receive a call about it. 
4:33 p.m. - I just did a set and super set of explosive pushups.  I can do pushups from the ground to standing position multiple times now.  My abilities have been improving.  I saw 6 white inch-long Infernight sparks fly across my field of vision from the outside toward the center.  They flew in succession, entering one at a time and disappearing in less than half a second.  The entire ordeal lasted 2 seconds.  
7:58 p.m. - I remember that black guy at the front lobby of ESA, Mark, gave me one quarter that didn't fit the laundromat machines.  I told him it was probably machined wrong and brought it back for a return.  They could be counterfeiting too.  

October 27, 2021: This is the only part of the journal that is "real" for "legal" purposes.  I do not consent for any samples of my body to be used for research or science to search for a cure for this unknown STD or any complications arising from the inaction of my peers.  My body must be cremated, and the ashes may be scattered back to the Earth.  Because I have no familial support, all my possessions are to be destroyed for security purposes, and all my money is to pay for upkeep of my website server and domain https:josephcantrell.org.  Much like this episode of South Park, I don't wish to be some primitive Eichmannian experiment for the U.S. government and Bloods.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenny_Dies
Once I discovered 3-MeO-PCP was keeping that STD at bay, I've suspected the government or criminal organizations might want to infect my body with another virus and study my cells.  This was back in September when I became sure what had been going on with the STD and my ADHD since July 14, 2020.  I wrote this down before, but it was deleted by my MDA fiasco.  I'm 99% sure the PCP site 2 is responsible for inhibiting the STD, whatever it might be.  I can somehow naturally stop utilizing this site to overcome some limitations of other systems of my body.  I can utilize the PCP site 2 to enhance my adrenal powers to push even harder by removing action potentials leading to inhibiting neurons in the body like certain serotonin receptors and some reuptake transporter neurons.  Perhaps it would prevent the reuptake of adrenaline.  Adrenaline overrides the PCP2 system since my 3-MeO-PCP visuals disappeared when it hit back at Verizon.  Apparently it is in some ways a worthy evolutionary enhancement.  
Negative effects I've thought to attribute to 3-MeO-PCP during my combination with amphetamine are now null.  The night time head pain only occurred after two months of using amphetamine in combo with 3-MeO-PCP.  I now attribute this phenomenon to complex  amphetamine withdrawal in combo with my ADHD.  I still also attribute the bladder and kidney problems to this combo, as I haven't had more issues from my usage.  I do intend to continue to use 3-MeO-PCP to enhance my life about four years from my last use.  It enabled me to make massive strides without any noticeable long term negative cost.  The only long term effect I notice is the positive mood I trained myself to embrace.  3-MeO-PCP is great for building positive habits in the face of addiction.  I don't know if it helps all addicts, but it could also help opioid and GABA addicts.  I think it would help everyone by restricting the neural action potentials in the nucleus accumbens.
I've suspected the government or Bloods might attempt to infect me with cancer or another STD and then kill me to study my cells.  There's no way some organizations would care about aborted fetal tissue since it is against their "values", thus I rationalize they would simply kill me for my cells.  Why would anyone wait this long just to keep observing me?  I walked 3 miles to the strip club every time, and I walk all over this town.  Soooo many people know what's going on and won't tell me.

October 28, 2021: 8:30 a.m. - The Tommy guy told me racketeering people at ESA "are done with me", and my racketeering complaint "doesn't matter" because the district manager doesn't care.  I'm going to call again and escalate it again because I expected this to happen.  This Tommy person keeps trying to swindle me by making me check out and kicking me out onto the street.  This is the third day in a row he's said that.  These people just don't want everyone to know they're assholes because they won't keep getting away with it.
10:20 a.m. - I applied to Cloudflare, EA, Adobe, Bluehawk Consulting, LinkedIn, in Seattle.
1:58 p.m. - I confirmed nothing has changed with the landlord-tenant relationship after staying here for almost 8 months now.  https://consumered.georgia.gov/ask-ed/2020-04-21/extended-stay-hotel-evictions
7:03 p.m. - I saw an Amazon box black label transform into a darker version of Beary from South Park. 
10:00 p.m. - I'm not 100% sure on this one, but it seems like my sensitivity to sound is also still oscillating.  I had to get hydrogen peroxide for my ear canals which had become narrower (and maybe they still are this way).

October 29, 2021: Today, I applied to BitTitan, Newsbreak, and Seagull Scientific in Bellevue, WA.  It's stupid shit bullet points like this all over the job market that piss me off: mjp123.  What the fuck does that mean, and why is it at the end of the job advertisement for KellyMitchell Group, right after "Strong analytical and creative problem solving skills".
I applied anyway to KellyMitchel Group, even though I don't want to work with Wordpress or liars.  Nobody writes and posts that on purpose.  Why is the entire country going to shit?
In Olympia, WA, just south of Seattle, I've applied to StorageDefender, Coderrect, Confidential, XOKind, Science and Medicine Group, and Gopuff.
5:15 p.m. - Two days late, Accela called me with some white woman.  Her name is allegedly Nikita Gupta Rihal.  She lied about rescheduling my interview to 10 a.m. the next day, which was such bullshit.  I never rescheduled, and I never received any such call.  I don't know what the work industry has become, but it has become full of excess shit.  It's best to put people to work in scientific and creative industries rather than create a shit ton of corporations (shiterations).  
I've already applied to Newsbreak, but it's fine; I'm sure it won't break the news.
9:57 p.m. - The internet went down again at 9:26 and 9:56, so I'm sure they're cycling the internet fuckery program again.  I don't see it in the wlan report, but whatever.  
The internet completely dropped at 10:40 p.m.  I just watched Halloween 2 again and then Halloween Kills.  Rob Zombie had some interesting parts, especially with the Mexican dude saying "take it easy".  Lol.  I originally watched that in 2009.  Halloween Kills absolutely kills Halloween from 2019, so I suppose the writer(s) set themselves up for that one.  The girl at the end was super cute.  

October 30, 2021: I haven't lifted weights since September 2020.  I can't wait to lift weights again to build muscle, relieve some stress, and keep healthy.  Everywhere I go, it's always this "Joseph's gonna kill someone", "Joseph's a bad person", or any derivation of such things.  This is so shit.  I need to get to Seattle, where more people know better than to play psychopathy.
9:22 p.m. - I'm drying my laundry.  I see a little anime Japanese girl with black hair shaped like a Japanese South Park girl.  She is speaking absolute gibberish "Japanese", likely a combination of previous Japanese syllables I've heard spoken in feminine tongues.  She moves very choppily at a rate of .5-2 frames per second.

October 31, 2021: The internet went out at 3:34 and 4:04 p.m.  I'm generating WLAN reports and duplicating them on my server.  netsh wlan show wlanreport
4:39 p.m. - I was just listening to Elephants by Our Last Night, and the chorus is "I let you get away, so cleanly."  Breezy drops his bone from his mat, and it rolls onto the floor two feet away.  He stares for a second, then rises and drags it back onto the mat to resume chewing.  This was fantastically coincidental, or perhaps my dog is poking at my comedown from amphetamine.  It is likely the latter.
7:27 p.m. - I just applied to UP Talent Group and iHeartMedia.

November 1, 2021: I just applied to my first job on Indeed.  Perhaps there is some sick joke about LinkedIn being half social media so they deny people jobs based on that sick joke.  I just started applying on Indeed instead.  I applied to Indeed, Comcentric, Adaptiva, VMWare, Starbucks, Cisco, TikTok, AuthenticID, Heartdub, and Niantic.
10:40 a.m. - It's been one week, and I still haven't heard from ESA Corporate.  The internet just went down again.  The guy on the phone the first time even said the word "inject" randomly in his sentence to try to screw with me.  I curtly replied, "Thanks for the little bit of clarity."  Then I hung up.  I might have to escalate this issue again.  
11:03 a.m. - I'm calling ESA corporate again.  Last time I was on hold for 20 minutes, and the time before that, I was on hold for 30 minutes.  I'm expecting this to be really annoying, so I'm going to passively collect more racketeering evidence.  
After calling, they're going to reopen the issue.  The lady who answered said some manager left a note but made no contact.  
4:23 p.m. - I've applied to Splunk.

November 2, 2021: The employees and gang might actually have a hidden microphone in my room 418 here at ESA.  I know they've listened next door and even walked out of the next room as I left my room.   So I was watching Kenny Dies on South Park and replaying the part about the killer shrimp from West India, and then this Arabian/Indian woman with a hijab awkwardly and purposefully walks from the other ESA building to me as I'm picking up my dog's shit, and asks, "Can you help me?"  I say, "No, why don't you go ask the lobby of the building you just came from?"  I do believe they are still closely monitoring me.  They'd rather spend all their jew money on making the movie of the book 1984 than help me with my problems.  Fuck that.  Yeah, I see they have money for fake name tags and shit.  
10:37 a.m. - I was vaping standing at my bed next to Breezy.  It's 23 minute until my amphetamine appointment, and Breezy retrieved his bone from the floor on one side of his memory foam mat to place the bone on the other end of his mat.  Then he rolled it onto the floor and stared.  Then he got it to chew it as I vape and type this.
11:46 a.m. - I'm not sure if I wrote this down before, but the Modern Warfare people constantly mention things from my living situation, like this Mark/Tommy character and the South Park episodes I'm watching.  I still won't forget when they finally admitted they were explicitly monitoring me over a year ago.  They monitor me heavily for a while, then do it on/off for a while, just like the Bloods gang around here.  It sucks ass.  These groups of people are overstepping their bounds, and what should I do when there are not just two gangs but fifty gangs which would all pester me as I walk the mile to Publix?
4:14 p.m. - I'm playing Bioshock Infinite right now, and it feels like what the government and Bloods are doing to me.  It's a despicable attempt at creating an Eichmannian research facility for my novel disorder, ADHD.  I'm like Elizabeth trapped in the tower, and I'm Booker Dewitt forced to undertake some artificial quest for an artificial righteous triump over artificial evil.  I'm also Songbird, charged with protecting Elizabeth during this whole ordeal, and I'm also Comstock, shepherding these miscreants into their new city in the sky.  Living in a motel sucks ass, and I thought we were past this Psycho and Scream movie shit.
5:44 p.m. - After vaping ~.4g weed, my phone screen showing Poweramp disintegrated into spiked fragments like my Infernight title screen.  Closing my eyes, I behold a rainbow octopus like Undertow in Bioshock Infinite.  It takes up the entirety of my field of vision as I close my eyes.
10:18 p.m. - I just saw things like the top half of a crouching Zoa facing to the left like the original Yugioh card forming over the wall and coming from behind the top of my bed frame.  It grew to about a meter in height at its peak before it morphed into a dragon after about two seconds.  The dragons were coming toward me and shifted around between things like Serpent Night Dragon, Slifer, and such.  Then came waves of women running toward me and transforming every half second to one second.  Wow.
10:05 a.m. - I called ESA and talked to Austin, and nothing has been done in 9 days.  I told him I was recording, and I forgot that I wasn't, but he said he would release the call.  I guess this is it.  All right.  Cremate my body.  My driver's license privilege is revoked; I am not an organ donor.  There is to be no research done with my body.
10:15 a.m. - I talked to Austin again, and this time he said the internet issue was resolved.  I still asked for the district manager to come monitor the employees.  The call was dropped just after I thanked Austin for taking initiative to help the children, elderly, and me.  I don't think anyone is coming here.  They're just trying to cast me as a bad person.  They don't even want me to record them because it will give away their bad behavior.  They use fake names.  Marquesia didn't even record my website as evidence like I asked.  Nothing is happening.  This is racketeering at its worst.  
All of my money is to pay for my website upkeep.  All of my possessions are to be destroyed because I'll not have my life used for others' resources.
7:28 p.m. - I feel the inch thick circle in the center of my forehead oscillating a millimeter or so back and forth very violently.  It feels like electrical energy is coagulating from the edges of the circle and swirling toward the center.
8:57 p.m. - I vaped, and now I see Gengar and Pichu nudging me with their eyes, taking up the entire wall.  There are other Pokemon, but the scene can shift quickly sometimes.

November 4, 2021: The ESA customer service guy Austin said the ESA employees said they fixed the internet, which I confirmed.  That means they know the issue.  The district manager should ask them what the problem was and why they took so long standing around doing nothing to fix it.  Yesterday, the internet went out twice during my hour long coding examination with Heartdub.  Thankfully, I was still able to submit and didn't lose any code.
11:11 a.m. - The power has now gone out in my room.  A Fedex truck pulled up with something, possibly to fix it.  It could be another maintenance employee controlled signal to gang members that higher ups are coming.
1:11 p.m. - I think someone also just did an OTA update on the ESA TV software since the zoom level changed from "Just Scan" to "16:9".  I still think they're using maintenance problems, smoke alarms, hallway items, and TV OTA updates to send signals to the gang at ESA.
2:57 p.m. - On coming back from Publix, the cashier didn't ring up one of my bags of buns.  I stopped and looked at the receipt for a second because the "something is wrong" signal was in my brain.  I thought the amount was too much, but it wasn't.  I really wonder just how far this thing goes.  At that Publix, it's almost certainly NOT random.  Also, there was a strange woman or teenage girl who was in my way twice at Publix, and the second time she was deliberately faking looking for something as I left the store, so I was forced to excuse myself as I passed behind her.  I think the gangs and government are going to try to shift their focus away from asking for drugs and parading children around in front of me to dressing up like underage women and walking around me and shit.  After packing my bags at a table outside, she stopped at the driver's side of a car and stared in my direction.  An elderly woman looked to be approaching her coming from the Walgreens area 50 feet away.  I'm honestly hoping all these charades will be done soon.  I wonder if it will be like the 4 fuck her right in the pussies, where the lady walks away from one interview to another camera set right across the street.  I don't want every gang in the world to check inside my asshole very five seconds.
4:04 p.m. - Listening to Forest by SOAD, I started looking for the lighter for a whole minute, but I'm vaping...
9:09 p.m. - The Slayer album art for Seven Faces was inverted over the x axis when I first looked at it.

November 5, 2021: Where are all these people who know about ADHD and my slow decline of NE, DA, 5-HT, GLU, ACh, and more?  
Where are the people with a mutated dopamine transporter that results in pain when the transporter's reuptake function is inhibited at its synapse by something like methylphenidate?
Where are the answers about the disequilibrium caused by MDA being a bad replacement for amphetamine which almost killed me?
Where is the info that the combo of levoamp and dextroamp is necessary to fix all those specific neurotransmitter problems?
If there is ANYONE else in the world with my disorder, why isn't there any sort of expose about all these things I've had to discover myself? 
Why are the government and Bloods gang more interested in fucking me over than helping me, especially since I got that STD?  
Why has everyone been watching from a distance, even when my professor Gary from CS 4001 knew I was being targeted by a gang?
Why does the Bloods gang get to use all this info to target me when the government could be helping me by giving me the same information (as it should with my tax money)?
How much government money goes to keeping this motel concentration camp motel afloat?  Who's on your list Joe Biden?
What if I was schizophrenic, or what if the next person they want to screw over is schizophrenic?  Is that okay?  
I finished playing Bioshock Infinite again today.  The ending leaves me ambivalent; Elizabeth's final words of Booker's identity are reassuring, yet her slow, discrete disappearance piece by piece is a tragic foil.  Booker's last search for this girl in the crib can be interpreted as his death or as his perception of the initial disappearance or final death of Elizabeth.  So, it could be the end of Booker's story, or it could actually be resurfacing back to the introduction of Bioshock Infinite, on the search for the missing Elizabeth.  The story could flow back into itself like Booker and Elizabeth traveling through the lighthouses (reminiscent of neurons) to create their reality.  The story can be considered cyclical, just like Dark Souls, except the timeline in Dark Souls moves forward without contemplation of divergence of choice to pierce through multiple worlds.  The timelines of Bioshock Infinite branch and can feed back into each other, but the timeline of Dark Souls is as it is in our universe: time can only move forward, and kingdoms were built to crumble.  One man's rapture is another man's Columbia.
11:51 p.m. - In the corner chair with my white GT hoodie in it, I just saw my mom as if she was lying in her white hospital bed when they discovered cancer.  Her face was at the center of my vision, and for a brief instant, I looked away and said, "Woah."

November 6, 2021: 1:43 p.m. - My Fallout 4 display brightness setting is -35 using Intel GPU controls.

November 7, 2021: I'm using -32 brightness now.

November 8, 2021: In Fallout 4, which is a huge pain in the ass, I'm using -31 brightness and a naked Piper mod now.  I'm looking for a new naked female companion using a recruitment mod.  It's analogous to my real life: I had sex with Taylor the day after Valentine's Day, and now I'm looking for a new girlfriend.  

November 9, 2021: Fallout 4 is still a huge pain in the ass every step of the way.  Piper had a battle axe which is now gone.  She's still naked, but is that really worth every single little "fuck you" Bethesda planted in this game?
Teja said, "Is it animated?"  On another occasion, she said "Why don't you get a drink?"  She said it maliciously, and I know she remembered I don't drink by her expression of narrowed eyes, a tucked chin, a sudden serious change in tone, and her past of fucking me over.  I still wonder if she's with the government or that gang.  Almost certainly, she is one or both.  Perhaps she is familiar with this "Gin" and "Vodka" characters which characterize any sort of shadow organization like the government or a gang.
On Modern Warfare, some dude talked over the mic after I'd been watching South Park's Up the Down Steroid quite a bit (once a day).  He said, "Whatever you say, Jimmy."  This isn't the only time the people watching me over Modern Warfare quoted South Park to me.  I wonder if the government is living out some sick fantasy of playing "Gin" and "Vodka" from Detective Conan.  I'm sure whoever is watching me is aware of these things.  Detective Conan has over 1000 episodes now.  There was another time someone said, "We got a ninja star stuck in Butters' eye."
2:30 p.m. - After vaping, I just saw a rainbow zombie Gimli looking solemnly right at me, holding behind his right shoulder an axe with the blade resting just behind his head.
A few minutes later, I now see rainbow dark magician girl variants beckoning at me.  I can imagine conversations, but I can no longer hear them as if through my ears like before.  I could do that in the first few weeks of treatment a couple months ago.  Gimli stood still for three seconds or so, but these girls change every .1-2 seconds and are very vivacious.
2:50 p.m. - Even after smoking more out of my bong, the visuals are decreasing a little as I approach 3 p.m.  My body is taking its time to adjust.
10:02 p.m. - I applied to Pearson, AMD, Nintendo Selby Jennings, and The Pokemon Company.  

November 10, 2021: Pearson is the company with no descriptors and a shady application email that reads like spam and opens a link with no descriptors that appears to also be spam.  
7:39 p.m. - I'm vaping, and I see realistic white and rainbow hands coming to embrace me from the adjacent corner of the wall, the armless swivel chair, and my laundry basket in the dark.  They are like 1.5 meters long and curling toward me, but they stop a meter away.  
7:42 p.m. - There is relative clarity in my vision. 
10:33 p.m. -I've been smoking and vaping weed since like 7:15.  I see very vivid swirly rainbow patterns including typical eyes, dragons, and scantily clad women by the hundreds, changing in my field of vision mostly one at a time in different areas: up at the top of my screen a Komori Dragon curls a different smile as a variant of Dark Magician Girl forms in the right or in my mind's eye as I blink, close my eyes, stare into space in front of my pupils, or stare at the wall.  
Not long ago, I was inspired to start writing this while looking at my bed listening to Five Ninety.  I saw a flashing light that reminded me of a bug scurrying around my bed.  

November 11, 2021: I go to Publix looking for Honey Buns or Cosmic Brownies, which I've bought in the past.  The employees now took those off the shelf too.  I asked about that to a middle aged latina employee, and she said, "How do you check that?"  That makes no sense.  I ask her if there are any honey buns, and she asked me how to look for them.  I think she was trying to check if it was okay to sell drugs to me or something.  As I walked over to get individual honey buns from closer to the check out area, I contemplated the latinos could have hidden food from me as a test to see if they could poison my food and get away with it.   It corroborates my suspicion there was malicious intent behind the dying fridge I was given when I moved in.  Also, there are still no bags of Honey Chex mix after that latina girl at checkout mentioned them and also disappeared forever.  
4:47 p.m. - I just finished my first iteration of Speed Timer, my quality timer and stopwatch program.  It looks like Godot is making some mild noticeable regressions.  I hope there isn't some upper echelon conspiracy to ruin my favorite open source project.
I just applied to JPMorgan Chase.  I'm still eating 40 mg of amphetamine 4 times per day and vaping weed.  There's nothing else on my plate.  I'll be moving to Washington with only amphetamine after having a final yard sale.

November 12, 2021: I applied to Autodesk in Portland, Oregon.  This isn't my first choice of location, but anything is better than being around this Atlanta cult.  
I just applied to Qwant, Dataiku, 360Learning, Dashlane, EPAM, and Mindsay in France.
I just applied to Stack Overflow.
10:00 p.m.  -  I think the people around here want me to be homeless as a joke.  Don't forget, Teja mentioned that.  The government sent people to look homeless around me to make me feel comfortable with it.  I won't forget the old white woman screaming at me to do stuff as soon as I moved in to ESA.  I won't forget the random fake homeless who asked me for money and then marveled that I went to Tech.  I won't forget the old lady at Publix who said she went to Georgia Tech and is almost certainly lying to spy on me.  Don't forget Mark Tommy who says, "I think you need to be checked out" is the specific phrase he used to me three days in a row.  This Mark Tommy is a government agent sent here to send me to my death on the street.  Mark Tommy also made up something and said, "Our system is down right now."  Then, as I go to leave, he says, ""You still have to pay."  He had the biggest shit eating grin on his face, just like when he said, "I have ADHD too."  He had his mouth hanging open, eyes narrowed, big ass curl on his mouth, and he stood there staring with a silent laugh on the inside.  When I went down there once, he started bombarding me with fifty questions in a row as if to interrogate me, "Why is there hair in the hallway?"  "Why is there hair in the stairwell?"  "Do you brush your dog?"  "Do you take care of your dog?"  "I heard you were bumping into people."  I said, "You are being rude.  Now, I have apologized for my rude behavior, but I have once seen this reciprocated."  He gave no response.  
I shouldn't forget my professor "Gary Sonnet" looked at me with a big grin and said, "Ah the big boys.  PILE!  Well let's see it!"  He wasn't a mean professor or anything by any means, but I didn't respond since my brain was still recovering from my 10 year amphetamine hiatus.  The only problem I have with that guy is he appeared to be withholding information about ADHD from me.  Everyone who might have any useful knowledge is too concerned with disproving my disorder rather than helping me.  I take issue with the government withholding life saving information about my disorder.  Many of the obstacles I've faced are a waxing reading and listening comprehension ability, NMDA, PCP2, and multiple types of unknown cholinergic receptor hallucinations, MDA interaction with amp withdrawal and ADHD, the extreme interaction of coronavirus and an STD with my disorder, meth's poisonous nature which was never revealed by the siren lady Xue during my GE Digital interview, the disastrous implications of directly inhibiting DAT through the methylphenidate mechanism (not the efflux mechanism of amphetamine).  In addition to the ADHD challenges the government could have helped, I'm sure they could have helped me with the gang stalking problem I've been having.  Even if there was no action they were willing to take, the life saving information should have been bestowed to me at least in passing, if not in school.  This deprivation of life saving information is malicious.
After watching that South Park episode Cartman's Incredible Gift, they mentioned muffins, and I remembered the muffins here appear to also be packaged by some obscure company with no inscriptions on the plastic, rekindling my wonder about the muffins being poisoned with methylphenidate or cocaine.  I think some jackass would find it funny to try to exploit my disastrous response to the drugs' DAT inhibition.  Perhaps this Mark Tommy character would poison them like Gin and Vodka to try to figure out if I really have ADHD.  I'm sure SOMEONE knows about the DAT problem, but nobody is telling.  The most concerning issue is the government won't help other ADHD children and their family.  I haven't eaten muffins from downstairs in a long time, and I won't eat any more.  I'm worried about the chicken line too.  I really just want to leave.

November 13, 2021: 9:30 a.m. - I just applied to YorLabs, Cloud Campaign, ForgeRock, Garmin.  ForgeRock had a fake privacy agreement and fake nondisclosure agreement.
11:45 a.m. - I just applied to CalypsoWay, Besi, and Watts' Water Works.

November 14, 2021: 2:19 p.m. - Perhaps the intention of the government is to kill me, harvest my organs for STD and cancer research, and then erase all evidence of my PCP site 2 abilities.  I suspect I may in fact be the only one with ADHD, which would be why everyone is taking such a keen interest in me.  Still, as population goes up, the percentage may stay the same or decrease due to changing alcoholism and tobacco habits, but the total number of ADHD people with chemical imbalances will increase, and the number and variations of imbalances will also evolve.  I need to get out of there so I can live a positive life.  
7:17 p.m. - I remember managing to see some rainbow dragons and stuff last night very briefly, but I woke up at 3:30 a.m. this morning and haven't had much visuals since then.  A spike or mouth occasionally is forming in the corners of my laptop, and they appear to be realistically protruding from the plastic.  Soon the visuals will disappear completely.  I need only keep eating amphetamine according to schedule, and the training will overcome the amphetamine addiction and ADHD holding me down right now.

November 15, 2021: 4:20 p.m. - I feel the circle in my forehead waving back and forth like before into and out of my forehead.  It is also jittering around with little spikes and lines of electrical movement right underneath my skin.

November 16, 2021: Sometimes, some sounds still appear to sound muffled and the sound's amplitude appears to be slightly oscillating sometimes.  Amphetamine has a very strong effect all around on my body.  I feel a pressure all around my feet like they want to expand or something.  My feet hurt a year after quitting amp when I was at Duke TIP in NC.  Could amphetamine help trigger some sort of growth spurt I might missed as a kid due to chemical imbalances from ADHD?

November 18, 2021: I can get the rest of the trust fund from my father, but it's been 3 months since his death, and I just now got contacted.  I'm being closely watched by the government and their jew dogs, the various gangs around here like the Bloods.  They target people one by one and fulfill their sick fantasies of destroying those lives for sadism or in the name of their god.  They might even claim the lives of drug addicts don't matter, even if they need medication like amphetamine to survive.  It will only get worse as the divide between rich and poor grows.  The rich will continue to receive more resources and more luxury to exploit the poor.  For example, the rich can individually purchase vehicles to follow and harass the poor who have to walk to the grocery store.  The rich can coagulate and deny jobs and opportunity to the poor on the basis of religion like atheism, disability like ADHD, and mistakes related to disabilities or being poor without knowledge or power to overcome knowledge and wealth related obstacles.  The rich can use businesses to shepherd the poor into makeshift suicide camps, where the poor are so heavily surveilled and pestered they either commit suicide or are forced into prison or falsely placed into a mental institution like they used to do before the sixties' revolution in medicine.
Given my STD and my innate evolved ability to counteract it like 3-MeO-PCP and other PCP2 antagonists, I suspect I have been led to a blood and organ harvesting trap.  If I give blood anywhere like for a vaccine, jail, or a family DNA test, it will likely be used for research.  Also, they will want more.  I am likely being set up to be killed in the streets like Cricket in Always Sunny or the artist from Dead Hobo in Detective Conan.
9:17 p.m. - I applied to Unity, Cinder, Ambaum, Peach, and Deako in the NW.  In the NE, I applied to Rooted Farmers, NeuralFrame, CD PROJEKT RED.
I notice I've been leaving the stove on by accident since I started eating amphetamine again.  This didn't happen when I took 3-MeO-PCP in combination with amphetamine.  This is most likely due to the inhibitory mechanism of NMDA antagonism counteracting addictive problems from amphetamine impairing some sort of transfer of memory between spatial memory (conditioned place preference) and medium/long term memory of the stove job back to my prefrontal cortex for analysis and action.

November 20, 2021: My Indeed GET request: 
https://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=software%20Engineer%20-devops%2C%20-senior%2C%20-it%2C%20%2C%20-.NET%2C%20-Sr%2C%20-Sr.%2C%20-Lead%2C%20-Security%2C%20-Angular%2C%20-Staff%2C%20-Principal%2C%20-Manager%2C%20-Test%2C%20-Intel%2C%20-Microsoft%2C%20-Tableau%2C%20-Heartdub%20%2490%2C000%2B&l=seattle%2C%20WA&radius=100&jt=fulltime&explvl=entry_level&sort=date&limit=50&sr=directhire
I applied to Highspot in Seattle.

November 21, 2021: Maybe I won't have to get the vaccine: https://thespacecoastrocket.com/congressman-posey-co-sponsors-bill-to-require-feds-acknowledge-natural-immunity-to-covid-19/.  I don't want any unnecessary attacks on me, and needle pricks are attacks.
2:26 p.m. On Indeed.com, I saw a job advertisement for a company with over 9,000 reviews.  Even the host company, Indeed, has only about 800 reviews.  Indeed is just as fraudulent as LinkedIn.
3:27 p.m. - I still have slight distortions and brief smiley faces if I smoke a lot, but I can't see rainbow women like before.  I applied to Kongregate.

November 22, 2021: The old, white checkout worker lady who said she went to Georgia Tech at Publix lied to me about that.  I was immediately suspicious when she said that, and I confirmed that this time when she said her grandmother went there.  I said, "I thought you said you went to Georgia Tech."  She forced a small smile, looked down, and mumbled, "I guess I'm not smart enough."  
5:02 p.m. - I can see mouths growing out of lots of stuff.  Tendrils are weaving everywhere.  I'm preparing more Luzianne tea as the withdrawal from the natural caffeine enhances my visuals.

November 23, 2021: My StackOverflow job search GET query: https://stackoverflow.com/jobs?td=react+angular&c=usd&mxs=MidLevel&j=Permanent&cd=Intel+Corporation%3B+Esri%3B+&sort=p
I applied to 4G Clinical and Symbotic.
10:42 p.m. - My right temple is vibrating.  For like two seconds it was painful, but now it is subsiding slowly.  It's been almost a minute now.  It's basically gone.  An entire section of my temple that was like a rectangle 2 inches high, and one inch in width was vibrating just under my skin just like the circular area in the middle of my forehead.  After two minutes, the feeling is basically undetectable.  I could feel several pinpoints of pressure vibrating more intensely than the rest of the area.  There were like 10-100 areas of cells vibrating more intensely at a time, whereas there were way more cells than that vibrating in the overall area.
1 a.m. - I lied down for an hour, and in my bed at like 1:30 a.m., I saw a skinny anime girl who looked like an older anime version of Raven from Teen Titans, but she had bright glowing red eyes with a white central dot and a black skirt with white trim demonstrating her cusping cleavage and knees.  She had bright glowing red eyes and looked up to the sky to cackle.  She disappeared after two seconds, but she was gorgeous.  I could see her protruding from the bottom of my eyelids beginning with the middle of her shins.  She stood with her hair spread and blowing wildly in an invisible wind whilst throwing her head and hair back to laugh at the sky as she spreads her arms 45 degrees to her sides.
I just copied the awesome allegories I wrote on my website:
I do not consent for any of my ADHD cells, semen, or future aborted fetal stem cells to be used for STD or cancer research. My cells are to be destroyed in a crematorium and scattered in a body of water rather than bastardized by the government dogs or common gangs like some shoddy Scream V script. Pretending is forbidden, but listed below is a sequence of colorful allegories decorating my green lawn amidst the yellow brick road leading down to my big red door. Stop pretending!
1. Notes of a Prophecy: Who Broke the Hoover Dam House? - Rasco and the Rats of Nimh
2. Aristocratic Rain of Hellfire on the Proletariat - Pink Eye
3. Aiding the Native American Anne Frank - Casa Bonita
4. Eichmann's Technological Tenement Trap - Super Fun Time
5. New Gilded Age of Illusory Maintenance for Psychopaths - City Sushi
6. Defined Wonder, Weapons Cast to Starve the Artist - Dead Hobo
7. The Final Solution - Kenny Dies
8. Frankly, My Deer - The Gang Gets Extreme: Home Makeover Edition

Individually, there are also some episodic allegories likened to my current situation with ADHD, an unknown STD, dwindling funds, terroristic hotels, the U.S. government withholding vital ADHD information, and the Bloods gang stalking me. Every day, I exit my abode to metaphorically greet a horde of overprivileged scavengers and face an attempted mystified diversion from my real problem at hand.
For Whom Does the Love of My Trophy Toll? - Love Thy Trophy
I'm Not Sure How This Has No Relation to Penn State - Idiocracy
Phase 2 of the Joke: Loosly Leaving a Future Calling Pussy Villages of Underpants Bitches - Tweek
American Horror Story: Extended Stay Asylum - Insane in the Mainframe
Aiding Jared's Finale is Left Hanging - Jared Has Aides
Once Upon A Time, I Read the Ending First - A Woodland Critter Christmas
Woah Man, Just... - Night of the Living Homeless
Candy Crush Could Crush the Castle - Placebo Effect
Have Courage to Face Down Lingering Reflections - Queen of the Black Puddle
Steadfast Reflections of a Hydra Ridden, Filtered Atmosphere - Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon


